Chapter 489. Epilogue


Several months passed since the treaty was signed.

Paradise was enjoying a well-deserved peace. The Federation and humanity were heading toward a better future without any big incidents or quarrels.

Well, there was one incident. It was a rather big one that raised quite a bit of commotion in Paradise. It was Seol Jihu retiring from Valhalla.

He did not retire from Paradise. Not long after the Half Century Treaty was signed, Seol Jihu resigned as Valhalla’s representative and left the organization.

Valhalla’s representative. In Paradise, it was a position that held more power than the six kingdoms and exerted more influence than the Seven Sins.

Since he stepped down from such a position on his own, it was only natural for all sorts of rumors to spread.

Some said that Seol Jihu was tired of Paradise and would retire. Others suggested that Seol Jihu would found a new organization to lead the unification of Paradise.

However, the reality was different from everyone’s expectations.

Seol Jihu made a home in the corner of Eva’s alleyways. In a form that no one expected.

*

A constant stream of foreign races visited Eva as always. As the city served as a bridge connecting the Federation and humanity, it was flourishing and thriving by the day.

“Eva feels a little different than Haramark.”

One man looked around the streets while walking. He was a tall, black man who could easily be playing for the NBA.

“It’s to be expected.”

An old man walking next to him responded. He was slender and short, drawing a stark contrast from the first man.

“Eva is the only city that was unscathed from the destruction of the final war.”

The old man spoke as he stroked his long, white beard.

“It is also the city that accepted the Federation the earliest, and the entire city was blessed with fortification. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the capital of humanity is no longer Scheherazade, but Eva.”

“Hmm…. It isn’t as if I haven’t heard this before, but I have to admit. It feels rather strange.”

“Haha, I’m no different. But that’s just how the world works! You might go to sleep one night and wake up to a completely different world. I’m sure we aren’t the only ones who feel this way.”

The old man laughed.

Right, the two men were none other than Edward Dylan and Ian Denzel.

They had revived thanks to Seol Jihu, regained their memories, and were now actively participating in the revitalization of Paradise.

They had come to Eva today to visit a certain person.

“Alright, alright, that’s enough chitchat! Let’s hurry! Didn’t we come to see Eva’s specialty?”

“Huh? No, we….”

“It’s a chilly day, let’s hurry! If we’re late by a minute, we’re going to have to wait for 20 minutes more!”

Ian hastened his steps, pushed forward by the blowing cold wind. Dylan tilted his head as he followed after Ian’s fluttering gown.

“This is the place.”

Soon, Ian stopped.

“We have to stand behind them. This must be the line.”

Dylan blinked. A long line of people was stretched out from an alleyway all the way to the main street.

It was nothing like seeing a bus stop at rush hour. A massive crowd of people was lined up like the crowd that gathers at the airport during the holiday season.

“I know what you want to ask.”

Ian quietly said.

“You want to ask whether Eva’s specialty is so good that it’s worth waiting for in such long lines?”

Dylan subconsciously nodded his head.

“Then, I will answer without a moment of hesitation.”

Ian grinned.

“Yes.”

“...Still, this line is a little too long.”

“It can’t be helped. That’s how popular this place is. Education, friendship, and blood-relation. The royal administrator of Eva, who doesn’t care about any of these, personally advertised this place as Eva’s specialty product. There must be a reason it was given such a title.”

“Well, if I wait in the cold for several hours, I’m confident I can eat anything as if it’s the best food in the world.”

“Haha, but things aren’t so bad now. Before, you couldn’t eat even after waiting in line for four hours.”

“It was that bad?”

“People refused to get up once they sat down. So now there is a limit of two bowls per person, and they have to leave after 45 minutes from sitting down.”

“45 minutes. That’s pretty tight.”

Dylan shook his head.

“Well, you’ll change your mind once you take a bite.”

At that moment, Dylan saw a couple walking out of the restaurant.

“Wow, that was amazing.”

“See? At first, I thought it was famous only because of the master’s name, but….”

Seeing the merrily chatting couple, Dylan made a flustered expression. He recalled getting in line not too long ago, but there were already dozens of people standing in line behind him. The couple that just left the restaurant also got back in the line. They were all eagerly waiting for their turn.

“I guess I have nothing to lose by giving it a try.”

Dylan shrugged.

Just like Ian said, the line moved quickly. Still, he had to wait two hours until they could get in. When he entered the alleyway after turning the corner, a new hell opened up. It was so bad that he felt liberated when he entered the small, shabby restaurant with only seven or so tables inside.

“Whew, finally. What was the name of this place again? I saw the sign but didn’t get a chance to read it.”

Dylan asked while rubbing his flushed palms.

“It’s Seol Jihu Ramen? With the question mark included. Apparently, in Korean, ‘-ramen?’ is a shortened way of saying, “What if it was…?” So the name is a play on the actual word, ramen, and that shortened question.”

Ian laughed, commenting on the name’s wittiness.

“...Uh, okay.”

Dylan replied awkwardly. After waiting just a little longer, a party that was sitting at the table in front of the kitchen stood up.

“There’s an open table.”

Just as Dylan began to walk forward to sit down...

“We’re here!”

A three-person group, led by a red-haired woman, cut in front of them. Dylan was about to raise a complaint before seeing a familiar face and holding himself back.

“Daddy~”

Eun Yuri looked for her daddy the moment she walked in.

“Hey! We’re here! Aren’t you gonna say hi?”

Chohong spoke audaciously while laughing. Judging by the angry protest in the background, they seemed to have ignored the line and walked in.

“Ah, welcome.”

A woman dressed as a waitress carefully walked up. The trio shut their mouths after taking a look at the rose-gold-haired woman walking over while patting her stomach. The problem was that her stomach was protruding out.

“W-What?”

Chohong blinked rapidly.

“Ah…. I’m due soon.”

Teresa blushed bashfully.

“Hold on just one moment. I’ll clean the table for you. My darling told me to rest, but I wanted to move around….”

She smiled and then wiped the table off with a cloth.

Eun Yuri looked at her fixedly before flying forward. Then, she pressed down on Teresa’s stomach.

“Ah-!”

A large pillow fell out of Teresa’s top.

A silence filled the atmosphere for a moment.

“...Chet!”

Teresa clicked her tongue as if it was a shame before quickly cleaning up the table and disappearing.

“That woman’s starting to lose it.”

Chohong spoke dumbfoundedly before walking up to the chair.

“Anyway, we’re gonna sit here! Sorry, Dylan and Old Man… eh?”

However, she stopped before she sat down. It was because a finger pointed at the three of them and then at the door.

“The line.”

A clear voice came out.

“Ah, hey, the line’s too long….”

“Nope, you have to get in line like everyone else.”

Chohong’s protest didn’t do anything.

“Aren’t you being too harsh, dear? Aren’t we all comrades?”

“Former comrades. Am I still Valhalla’s representative?”

Phi Sora’s protest did not work either.

“Daddy….”

“Why am I your daddy, Miss Eun Yuri?”

Eun Yuri’s attempt to gain sympathy was futile as well.

“All customers are the same. Not even the Seven Sins are an exception.”

A resolved reply came out.

“T-Then what about them!?”

Phi Sora pointed to the corner of the restaurant. Two women were busily eating ramen at a table. There should be a limit of two bowls per person, but more than ten bowls were stacked on top of each other on their table.

“You’ll know if you look at the wall.”

Just like the head chef said, a piece of paper was hanging on the wall.

The notice said the following:

—I, Seol Jihu, for committing a grave sin to Claire Agnes in front of everyone, will allow Claire Agnes and one companion of her choice to enter the restaurant without a wait, and until I am forgiven, Claire Agnes and her companion of choice will get unlimited meals at the restaurant.

“Miss Agnes is an exception because of my wrongdoing.”

Phi Sora shut her mouth. What Seol Jihu did that day was indeed out of line. She heard that even Hoshino Urara, who was there at the time, cackled and called him a madman.

“You guys are holding up the line.”

Tap, tap, tap, tap. The head chef placed the Spear of Purity, with which he was cutting green onions, on his shoulder.

“Do you want to leave quietly and wait? Or do you prefer to be guided out forcefully?”

Although Seol Jihu stepped down from his former position, his abilities did not go anywhere. As formidable energy began to flow out, the trio lowered their tails.

“Okay….”

Phi Sora, Chohong, and Eun Yuri turned around dejectedly.

“Agnes, do you want to know something?”

Watching the trio trudge away, Cinzia had a proud expression.

“Lately, I’ve been very proud to have you as my subordinate.”

“If it is because of this restaurant, then I will have to agree.”

Agnes replied proudly as well.

“Don’t forgive him, ever.”

“Of course.”

The duo laughed among themselves before digging into another bowl. Once the trio that cut in line left, Dylan could finally see the head chef’s face.

“Welcome! Take a seat right here!”

Seol Jihu greeted them with a bright smile, wearing a white chef’s uniform and a white bandana.

He wasn’t alone either. There were two women next to him wearing the same outfit.

They were Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui.

“Sorry for the long wait. Come warm yourselves up a little.”

Teresa came back out in a waitress’ uniform and put down two teacups on the table.

“Great, great! I’ll go with the Seol Jihu Ramen!”

“Just the ramen? Or do you want the special?”

“Do you even need to ask? Of course, I want the special!”

“Mm… I’ll take the same thing.”

Dylan raised his hand meekly.

Seol Jihu smiled.

“Two Seol Jihu Ramen Specials!”

Then, the two women next to him hummed, “Two Seol Jihu Ramen Specials~”

“Long time no see, you two. This is the first time you’re coming to my restaurant, right, Dylan?”

“Old Man keeps talking about it. The wait was a killer.”

Dylan replied casually, making a subtle jab at Ian.

“Fufu, I can’t wait to see your shocked face.”

Ian retorted and then took out a thick book.

“How’s Haramark doing?”

Seol Jihu asked while pouring water into a pot.

“Not much different. Well, it’s much more relaxed than before.”

“It would’ve been good if Dylan joined Valhalla too.”

“The new representative did come to see me a few times.”

“Kim Hannah did?”

“Yep. I would be lying if I said I didn’t consider it. But I like the way things are now.”

“No problem. Doing what you want is best.”

Seol Jihu moved busily while chatting with Dylan.

Then, the conversation halted. Only the sound of Ian moving his pen was heard.

Seeing Seol Jihu, who was moving and making ramen with great fluidity...

“Seol.”

Dylan suddenly said.

“I recently discovered a ruin.”

Seol Jihu glanced at Dylan.

“Master Ian also confirmed its existence. Since it’s in uncharted territory, it will be fun exploring it.”

Dylan continued.

“I came to ask if you were interested….”

Dylan crossed his arms.

“But it looks like you’re already having fun.”

A smile emerged on Seol Jihu’s face.

“After I killed the Parasite Queen… I felt kind of empty.”

Seol Jihu said.

“I didn’t know what to do since I no longer had a goal. It was like I burned myself out.”

Looking at a stopwatch, he put the noodles in as soon as the alarm rang.

“I actually thought about retiring, but…”

Cracking open an egg, he continued.

“When I thought about it more, I realized there was still a lot that had to be done.”

Ian raised his head and looked at Seol Jihu.

“Not things that I have to do, but things that I want to do.”

Things I want to do. Ian murmured to himself before moving his pen again.

“Dylan.”

Seol Jihu looked up and stared at Dylan.

“This is how I live nowadays.”

“....”

“It’s fun. I enjoy it, and I’m happy.”

Seo Yuhui turned to the side and smiled bashfully while looking at Seol Jihu.

Baek Haeju also revealed a faint smile while preparing the ingredients.

“...Yeah, I can tell.”

Dylan smiled as well.

“Then it looks like your story ends here.”

Tak. Ian put a period and spoke cheerfully.

“You’re still writing that novel?”

“Of course! I actually thought today would be the last chapter. Looks like I was right.”

Ian closed the book.

“I’m thinking about ending the main story here and moving on to side stories.”

“Oh, that sounds good!”

Seol Jihu laughed and put out a tray with both hands.

“Here’s your order!”

“Oooooh, do you have any idea how long I’ve waited for this moment?”

Ian rubbed his chopsticks together in joy.

And after smelling the spicy aroma that wafted out with the rising steam, Dylan’s nostrils also flared up.

Slurp.

Then, the moment he took a bite…

“!”

He jolted.

What happened next was the same for Ian and Dylan.

Slurp, slurp!

The duo slurped up the noodles in the blink of an eye, eating kimchi with their left hand, licking their fingers, and eating rice with the leftover soup.

Gulp, gulp!

Finally, they gulped down the remaining soup from the bowl.

“Puhaaa!”

“Kuhaaa!”

Tang! Dylan and Ian heaved out a gasp after putting down their bowls. Then, they simultaneously shouted.

“Another Seol Jihu Ramen Special, please!”

“Yes, sir~! Two Seol Jihu Ramen Specials coming right up!”

Seol Jihu replied cheerfully.

“Two Seol Jihu Ramen Specials coming right up~!”

Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui also shouted back with cheerful expressions.

*

Time flew, and the afternoon arrived.

Seol Jihu Ramen? closed when the sun set. Except for the customers already eating, other customers were sent back with an apology. Only then did the restaurant become quiet.

“Udadada~! We’re done with another fruitful day!”

Seol Jihu stretched. Then, he felt someone poking him on his side.

“What’s up?”

Seo Yuhui hushed him with a finger on her lips. Then, she pointed at a table in the corner of the restaurant. There, a hooded person was eating his ramen.

Haa, haa. Pulling back the long hair that peeked out of the hood, the customer ate busily with delicate lips. Although a baggy robe covered her body, her bulging breasts and delicate fingers made it obvious that she was a woman.

Of course, Seol Jihu felt like he knew who she was. Although he had never seen her before, he could feel a strong aura of lust coming from her.

“Haa~”

The satisfied moan that escaped her mouth after she finished the soup was also exceptionally sensual.

Seol Jihu smiled and stared at the woman.

Did she feel his gaze? The woman did a double-take, fumbled around a bit, and then stood up.

“Thank you for the meal. I’ll leave the money here.”

“Noona.”

Hearing Seol Jihu’s call, the hurriedly leaving woman stopped.

“Come by often.”

“....”

“And later, we can again go to the zoo together.”

The woman slowly turned around. As if she was caught red-handed, an embarrassed smile appeared on her lips.

“Are you asking me out on a date…? Ah, no, okay. See you again next time.”

The woman suddenly jumped in fright and then ran off.

Seol Jihu tilted his head and looked back. Baek Haeju was grinding her kitchen knife, and Seo Yuhui was cracking her neck with her hands locked together.

“You two….”

“Oh, right.”

Baek Haeju cut him off with a bright smile.

“You didn’t forget your dinner appointment with the family, right?”

“Of course not.”

It looked like she was trying to change the subject, but Seol Jihu nodded his head.

After cleaning the restaurant and closing the door, the three of them walked to the warp gate side by side. Before stepping into the portal, Seo Yuhui looked at Seol Jihu and winked.

Seol Jihu also winked in return.

*

Earth was having winter as well. Seol Jihu put on warm clothes and left his apartment room to head home.

In the past, he would feel nervous and anxious when he thought about going back. Even after he went inside, he would stay timid and walk on eggshells around his family.

But that was no longer the case. Visiting and calling them frequently, his relationship with his family was slowly returning to the way it was in the past.

Hopping in the SUV that Kim Hannah gifted him, he hummed in joy as he started the engine.

Home was just as warm as always. Seol Jihu walked in with his hands full and sat around the dinner table with everyone to join a hearty meal.

“....”

Seol Jihu’s father barely touched the food.

Sitting silently in his seat…

“Iya….”

He was in awe at the gift Seol Jihu brought.

“It’s the first time I’m seeing this brand.”

“It should be. It’s not sold in Korea, so you can only get it in Europe or other foreign countries.”

What Seol Jihu brought was cognac. It was the perfect gift for his father, who had a hobby of collecting foreign liquor.

“With what money?”

“I got it when I was on my recent overseas business trip. It wasn’t that expensive because I got it from a duty-free shop.”

“Oho.”

His father nodded his head. Judging by the way the corner of his lips was curled up, he must be satisfied without a doubt.

“Anyway, I’m glad you found a new workplace.”

Seol Wooseok cut in while munching on food.

“It sounded like an amazing place to work. How did you get into a company like that?”

“It wasn’t by coincidence. Just connections. A former Sinyoung employee founded the company, and he hit me up.”

Seol Jihu smiled vaguely. The company indeed offered amazing benefits and conditions. That was only natural since Kim Hannah founded the company separately from Valhalla.

She put Jang Maldong as its chairman to make it seem more legitimate, and Seol Jihu was given a believable role as well.

“I’m suspicious….”

Seol Jinhee observed Seol Jihu while fiddling around with her chopsticks.

“How do we know he’s not lying? Why would this person treat Oppa so well?”

“The chairman likes me a lot.”

Though that doesn’t begin to describe it. Seol Jihu chuckled.

“I’m not lying. You can come to see me at work if you want. Bring your friends too.”

With Seol Jihu going so far, Seol Jinhee had no choice but to back down.

“Thanks for the meal!”

Finishing her bowl of rice, she shot up. Their mother frowned as she saw Seol Jinhee run up the stairs.

“Jinhee!”

“Ah! I told you I have to be somewhere today! I’m going to be late for the movies! I have already delayed the meeting time for two hours!”

The door closed shut, followed by an angry shout.

“You know that the SATs ended yesterday, right?”

Seol Wooseok whispered from the side.

“Her boyfriend took the SATs yesterday, you see.”

“Huh? She’s dating a high schooler?”

Seol Jihu was startled.

“No, I think he just took a gap year. I’m not sure of the specifics, but she broke up with her ex about a month ago and has a new boyfriend now.”

“Wow, she’s popular, huh….”

“They must have hit it off on their first date. Anyway, try to understand. They’ve been planning this date for a while, it seems.”

Seol Jihu shrugged.

After finishing the meal and having a light chat, Seol Jihu walked up the stairs.

Tok, tok. After knocking on the door and opening it, he could see Seol Jinhee, dressed up pretty and applying her makeup.

“What?”

Seol Jinhee asked curtly after glancing sideways.

“Do you have time?”

“Make it quick. I have to go see my boyfriend.”

“I have a gift for you.”

“A gift? It’s not like it’s my birthday or anything.”

Despite saying this, Seol Jinhee’s eyes were already fixated on the shopping bag Seol Jihu brought.

“...You can leave it there.”

“Also.”

Seol Jihu also put down a white envelope.

“Here’s some allowance. I heard your boyfriend took the SATs yesterday. Tell him ‘good job’ and treat him to some good food.”

Seol Jihu waved his hand and turned back. After pretending to walk down, he went back up silently and peeked into Seol Jinhee’s room.

Seol Jinhee was busy doing her makeup with one hand and opening the gift with the other.

‘I feel like she’d be a perfect match with Kim Hannah….’

Seol Jihu couldn’t hide his shock at her dexterity, which neared the level of a god.

“Let’s see. 300,000 won, that’s a good amount. The wallet’s cute…. Fuck, a condom? He’s a virgin who only just mustered up the courage to hold my hand.”

Seonhwa Unni’s the problem. Seol Jinhee shook her head before shouting abruptly.

“Ah! A music box! They only sell this in Japan!”

Seol Jihu clenched his fist. He had planned the gift knowing that Seol Jinhee liked anime and manga.

‘Hehe, I knew I was good.’

He rubbed his nose and turned back.

“This is perfect. He was down because he didn’t think he did that well on the SATs. Maybe this will brighten him up a little.”

Seol Jihu staggered on his way down.

‘Well, I guess it’s okay if she’s happy.’

He walked down to the living room with a bitter smile.

“Then I’ll be off.”

“Huh? You’re leaving already?”

“I have somewhere to go too.”

“Where?”

Seol Wooseok turned and faced Yoo Seonhwa.

“Like a lost child~”

Yoo Seonhwa had suddenly begun to sing.

Seol Jihu coughed harshly.

“Uh… alright. Take this.”

Seol Wooseok gave him a bottle of pills.

“They’re pills to help you sober up.”

“Why, though?”

“Mother consulted a famous fortune-teller regarding you. She said you should be careful when drinking for the next three years and that you’d have a women problem if you didn’t. Have this with you just in case.”

“I’m okay…. Is this your company’s product?”

“Our company chairman developed it himself. Apparently, it has immediate effects. I brought a few as samples.”

“Oh, the guy with the two-syllable last name?”

Seol Jihu took the bottle.

“Even if I cry and beg you not to go~”

Meanwhile, Yoo Seonhwa’s singing continued.

“Unni, why are you singing all of a sudden?”

“Hmm? No reason.”

As if to run away, Seol Jihu left the giggling Yoo Seonhwa behind and left.

*

The nighttime streets were chilly.

“Brrrr.”

Seol Jihu hunched his shoulders and walked quickly.

Several colors brushed past him.

Green, green, blue, green, yellow, orange, yellow, yellow….

Seol Jihu, who was waiting for the traffic lights to change, suddenly narrowed his eyes.

‘Red?’

He quickly scanned his surroundings. Soon, he saw a driver dozing off in a car parked halfway between the crosswalk.

Seol Jihu quickly walked up.

Tang, tang! When he hit the windows hard, the driver jolted up. The window went down, and a strong smell of alcohol wafted out.

“You shouldn’t be drinking and driving.”

“Hm? Ah, I….”

The driver looked more than a little flustered. He must have confused Seol Jihu for an off-duty officer.

What should I do? Seol Jihu pondered for a moment before taking out a bottle from his pocket. It was the bottle of pills he got from Seol Wooseok before leaving his parents’ house.

“Take this. It helps you sober up.”

When he opened the bottle and took out a pill, the driver took it and threw it into his mouth. His unfocused eyes became clear in a second.

“...Huh?”

“Park your car on the side of the road and get some fresh air. Call a chauffeur service if possible.”

Seol Jihu turned around only after confirming that the driver was parking his car and getting out.

The traffic light changed, and Seol Jihu crossed the street.

Just now, he had changed another future. Perhaps it would have been the future of dozens.

That was how futures were.

The same person might walk the same road and end up in a completely different place. One insignificant choice could be the factor in determining their destination.

For example, Seol Jihu and Seol Jinhee had yet to make up with each other completely. But Seol Jihu no longer worried about the matter. It was because he could tell things were getting better over time.

‘Golden Commandment.’

To treat others the way you want to be treated.

As long as he acted properly with the thought of repenting, he believed he would eventually arrive at the future he desired.

Black Seol Jihu said so as well. That he did not have a dream or the will to achieve it. That he was dragged around by fate without seeing what was in store for the future. That this was the reason, he failed.

Seol Jihu now understood what he meant.

And now, Seol Jihu believed.

That all futures were open to those, who had dreams and the will to achieve them.

*

SY Apartment. It was a multi-use, high-rise complex that was said to be among Korea’s most expensive apartments.

Seol Jihu stood at the entrance and blew on his hands as he waited for the person he was supposed to meet.

How much time went by? Suddenly, he felt a cold touch on the back of his hand.

Looking down, he saw a tiny, white crystal.

‘...Snow?’

Staring in a daze, the crystal quickly liquified and disappeared. Seol Jihu tilted his head up and looked at the sky.

It started snowing.

Seol Jihu heaved out a breath towards the falling snow. He could see his breath scattering like a puff of smoke.

“Excuse me.”

It was then.

“My apologies, but it is forbidden to smoke here.”

A calm yet warm voice spoke to him.

“There’s a smoking area a little away from here.”

Seol Jihu slowly turned his head.

“If you’d like, you can come inside.”

She was standing there.

A snow-like woman, wearing a white coat and a white scarf.

Their eyes met. For a moment, they just stared at each other.

“This is….”

Seol Jihu quietly said.

“This is the first time we’re meeting on Earth, right?”

Seo Yuhui smiled.

“...No.”

She shook her head.

“It’s… the second time for me.”

Her eyes became a little dim as if she was recalling the past. After a short silence, Seo Yuhui grabbed Seol Jihu’s hands. Her eyes glinting with an unknown expectation, she asked.

“What’s your name?”

Name.

Name….

Seol Jihu lowered his head a little and buried his mouth in his scarf. He didn’t want her to see him laughing. For some reason, smiles refused to leave his face.

The snow was flurrying down before he noticed.

Seol Jihu stepped forward. So did Seo Yuhui.

Inside the world of falling snow, Seol Jihu looked at Seo Yuhui, walking toward him step by step.

“My name is….”

Then, like the enormous snowflakes wishing the world happiness...

“...Jihu.”

He smiled brightly and happily.

“Seol Jihu.”

<THE END>





Side Story 1. An Unbelievable Future


Time flew.

To be more precise, exactly one year passed since the day the Parasite Queen perished. There was no way that such an important day would not be celebrated for hundreds or even thousands of years to come.

All kingdoms agreed on designating it a day of celebration. Though they tried to name it Seol Jihu Day, they had to change the name to Liberation Day following Seol Jihu’s threat, ‘You can do that if you want Paradise to see the coming of a demon lord that succeeds the Parasite Queen’s pedigree.’

In any case, the morning of Liberation Day was met with a festive eagerness. The day was hectic as everyone, regardless of their race, had spent several days of painstaking effort to prepare for the celebration.

The city was already bustling in the morning, and by the time afternoon came around, it became even more chaotic. Once the sun started to set, the celebratory festival officially commenced in all cities.

As a restaurant owner, Seol Jihu wanted to participate in the festival. Given that people from other cities and even the Federation would be making trips to Eva, it was the perfect opportunity to advertise the restaurant and set record-high sales.

However, Seol Jihu’s dream of creating a restaurant where members of different races could get along happily crumbled down. It was because of Sorg Kühne’s daily visits to implore him not to open his restaurant during the festival.

He also couldn’t bring himself to say no when other restaurant owners of Eva came and begged as well, “Our sales are hitting a record low because of your ramen place. Please, at least for the festival…!”

In the end, Seol Jihu decided to take a one-day break and enjoy the festival with his girlfriend. However, even this plan went awry.

He was certainly alone with Seo Yuhui when he locked arms with her and left, but by the time he got to the main street, the couple had grown to a party of eight.

Kim Hannah, Baek Haeju, Charlotte Aria, Eun Yuri, Chohong, Teresa, and Phi Sora…. They joined in one by one, chatting and laughing among themselves.

‘Whatever.’

Now that things turned out this way, Seol Jihu decided to just go with the flow and enjoy the festival as it happens. With a good number of Earthlings hosting the festival booths, he saw a few games that seemed feasible.

“Oh! Who is this!? Our former representative!?”

Seol Jihu saw Hugo waving at him from a pool table.

“Seol! Do you wanna play? There’s a prize you can win too.”

“Oh, will I be playing against you, Hugo?”

“No, not me. There’s another player waiting to play.”

Hugo waved his hand dismissively and then pointed to the side. Dylan was standing there with a pool stick in his hand.

“I heard you play a little.”

“Eii, I just played in college for a bit.”

“Huhu, you’re more humble than I thought. I heard what happened in Hawaii.”

Dylan grinned.

“Seol, you should be a little nervous. Dylan is an expert who can score 30 points in a three-cushion pool!”

Hugo shouted confidently.

Seol Jihu shrugged.

“Sounds fun. Let’s play.”

“Good. For the record, Dylan’s on a 9-win-streak right now.”

“Oh no, so you’re telling me I’m going to be the sacrificial lamb for his 10th win?”

Seol Jihu smiled and walked forward.

How much time went by?

The group of women that was busily chatting with each other realized that Seol Jihu had disappeared.

“Huh? Where did he go…?”

Chohong looked around before suddenly fixing her gaze on one spot.

Two black men were leaning against the wall, dazedly looking up at the sky. They looked shocked beyond belief.

“Hey, are you guys okay? What happened?”

“No… way….”

“What?’

“32 points high run… and a 10.0 average…. Oh my lord….”

Dylan and Hugo repeated the same thing like a broken record. The group of women stared at them dazedly before moving their gaze to the side. A similar scene was spread out there as well.

“It was two versus one….”

“That monster….”

Oh Rahee and Kazuki were panting while leaning against a pingpong table.

They weren’t the last ones either. The game booths in the area were all beaten down. In only 30 minutes.

At that moment, a loud cheer erupted. The group of women turned their gazes and saw a strange scene happening at the hwatu[1] table.

“Five Gwang, Godori, blue, red, green ribbons, double-dregs, four consecutive nagaris, 8 gos, gwang-sweep, dreg-sweep, and four shakes….”[2]

Seol Jihu stopped talking after calculating for a little. It was because Maria collapsed while foaming from her mouth.

“Did that bastard just say something?”

Chung Chohong furrowed her brows and looked back at everything. However, no one said a word. They had all been struck speechless.

“That guy….”

Phi Sora shook her head with her jaw dropped.

“I wonder what he would have done on Earth if he didn’t enter Paradise.”

Eun Yuri tilted her head curiously.

“...Same.”

Kim Hannah murmured in a quiet voice.

“He would have succeeded, no matter what he did. So long as he doesn’t get addicted to it….”

Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui sighed simultaneously.

Seol Jihu turned around after giving away the money to various stalls.

“Yuhui, look, I got all these for….”

He walked over with a broad grin on his face and his arms stuffed with all sorts of prizes. After seeing everyone, he blinked in a daze.

“What?”

“You know….”

Kim Hannah dropped her head.

“Can’t you take it easy?”

“What do you mean?”

“Do you not know what modesty is? Just take a look around you!”

“I completely agree.”

Just as Seol Jihu was about to say something, Ian appeared out of the blue.

“Please do things in modesty. Mo-des-ty.”

“Master Ian, you too?”

“I’m telling you not to do such absurd things all the time. My readers aren’t going to believe me even though I’m writing what I’m seeing. Tsk, tsk.”

Ian clicked his tongue and then walked off. For the record, he was carrying a thick book and jotting down things.

“Yes, Master Ian is right.”

Setting aside where Ian came from, Kim Hannah nodded her head in agreement.

“This is a festival—a festival where everyone should have a fun time. So we should enjoy it too. Don’t go at it like your life depends on it.”

“I did enjoy it though.”

“And this is the result?”

Kim Hannah pointed in one direction. Maria was kneeling on the ground, hitting the ground with her fists and crying about losing everything.

“Ah, except for the last one.”

Seol Jihu spoke while stuffing the prizes into his Dimensional Pocket.

“She was cheating in a game that should be played fair and square.”

“Cheating? How did you know?”

“How would I not? I could tell at a single glance.”

Seol Jihu waved his hand.

“She was rigging the deck from the start. Pretty bold, don’t you think? Someone like her needs to be taught a lesson so she doesn’t cheat ever again.”

Kim Hannah was taken aback. It was because she knew Seol Jihu’s past. He played in Seorak Land, where all sorts of gamblers gathered. For several years. And with Maria being the person in question, what he said made sense.

“...Anyway.”

Kim Hannah let loose a deep sigh.

“Don’t destroy the healthy ecosystem here and do something more laid back. For example~”

Kim Hannah looked around at the stalls before pointing to a tent in the corner.

“That.”

“Come see your relationship, business, and life fortune. We can even show you your future.”

Seol Jihu laughed after reading the sign in front of the tent.

“Haha! That’s an interesting stall! They’re claiming they’ll show us our future!”

“Okay, okay, let’s just go and try it out.”

Kim Hannah hurriedly pulled Seol Jihu in.

“Wait, you were into things like that? You should know, almost all fortune tellers are just scam…?”

Seol Jihu trailed off after being dragged inside the tent. A woman giving off a mystical aura was sitting inside the tent with a hood covering more than half of her face.

“Welcome.”

Her voice was incredibly alluring and sensual.

“Thank you for coming to Desires.”

Some of the others who went in with him considered the name odd but stopped there. However, a few others were different. Seol Jihu was especially so. He observed the woman carefully, and Seo Yuhui was narrowing her eyes.

“I didn’t expect so many customers to come in at once. Who should I start with…? Ah, wait!”

The woman, who was talking with a grave air, suddenly jumped in fright. It was because Seol Jihu reached out and tried to take off her hood.

“Hey! What are you doing?”

“No, I’m just—”

“Why are you so rude today, dear? Are you having fun that way?”

“This person—no, this god!”

“Jihu, wait.”

Seo Yuhui calmed Seol Jihu down.

“Sorry. He’s a little excited today….”

She then pretended to apologize to the woman and lowered her head to whisper into her ears.

“Luxu….”

“Huh? What do you mean?”

The woman cut her off with a straight face.

“That’s what I want to ask.”

Seo Yuhui stared back at her fixedly.

“...This is a festival.”

Luxuria, no, the fortune teller, whispered with a low voice.

“I can come out to enjoy it too, right?”

“Still…”

“I actually didn’t get any customers. Can you guys be my first? Hm? Please, my child.”

The woman pleaded. Seo Yuhui closed her eyes.

“Can you look at my fortune first?”

Seeing that the stall had caught Seol Jihu’s attention, Kim Hannah hurriedly stepped up.

“Yes, of course! You ask me anything.”

“Marriage fortune, please.”

Kim Hannah replied immediately. Although she didn’t say anything else, the fortune teller nodded her head as if she understood.

“Oh my, you must have been under a lot of stress recently.”

“...Yes. Every time I go home, my parents ask me when I’m bringing a man along or if I’m ever going to get married…!”

Kim Hannah gritted her teeth as if she had a lot of pent-up frustration from her parents’ nagging.

“I see, I see. Can you put your hand on this crystal?”

The fortune teller took out a crystal orb, and Kim Hannah promptly placed her hand on it. The fortune teller stared at the faintly shining orb before saying.

“Don’t worry. You’ll get married.”

“Really?”

Kim Hannah’s eyes shot open.

“Yes, you’re not alone in your room. Let’s see. You have two kids. Oh, and you already decided on your daughter’s name with your husband?”

Kim Hannah flinched.

“Also, you’ll be raising three kids.”

“...Excuse me?”

Kim Hannah furrowed her brows. She was going to have two kids but raising three?

“What do you mean? Am I going to adopt a baby?”

“No, that’s not what I meant.”

“D-Don’t tell me! An out-of-wedlock baby?”

“Mm, how should I explain this….”

The fortune teller hesitated for a moment.

“Well, I’m sure it will be better to show you once than to tell you a hundred times.”

Then, she whispered a chant. The crystal orb glowed. At the same time, Kim Hannah’s eyes widened.

Next, Kim Hannah’s expression changed vividly. She dropped her jaw in surprise, frowned in disbelief, and then became dazed as if in acceptance.

“Ah….”

Kim Hannah’s hand slid off from the crystal orb.

“Do you understand now?”

The fortune teller smiled.

Kim Hannah stared at Seol Jihu before dropping her arms limply. It looked like she understood what it meant to have two kids but raise three.

“No way, why would I….”

Then, she wrapped her hands around her face and despaired. No one knew what she saw, but the Kim Hannah had fallen despondent.

An awkward silence filled the air.

“Um, do you do other fortune-telling?”

Teresa stepped in to liven up the atmosphere.

“For example, relationship fortunes~”

“Yes! Actually, I can take a look at a couple’s compatibility! I call it Rainbow Fortune.”

This time, the fortune teller put out two crystal orbs.

“My child’s husband is… I mean, we have one gentleman here. Why don’t you try putting your hand here?”

Seol Jihu did as he was told and put his hand on the left crystal orb.

“Anyone can try putting your hand on the right or—”

Whish! A wind blew before the fortune teller could even finish.

Baek Haeju had cut to the front.

Seo Yuhui’s eyes narrowed.

“Great. Hold still, please.”

The fortune teller stretched out her arms and put them above the two crystal orbs. As she chanted a quick spell, the orbs spat out a blinding red light.

“Oh my….”

The fortune teller clicked her tongue.

“The two of you… don’t have good compatibility.”

“She’s a whack.”

Baek Haeju judged immediately.

“Not at all.”

The fortune teller shook her head.

“I’m sure you already know. The plans you made ever since you were young have already gone down the drain.”

Baek Haeju flinched.

“There’s nothing you can do about it now. No, I guess it’s more appropriate to say it could never be controlled.”

The fortune teller spoke.

“To put it into perspective, you are a tree, and he is fire. Although you can marry, you will have to sacrifice many, many things.”

Baek Haeju stood blankly with her mouth agape. She wanted to say something but was at a loss for words. In the end, she could only back down.

“How accurate! Can you take a look at mine as well?”

Seo Yuhui sneered and replaced Baek Haeju’s hand on the orb.

The orb spat out another light. This time, it was violet.

“You said you called it Rainbow Fortune, right? If red is bad, then violet must be good.”

Seo Yuhui spoke loudly as if to make a certain someone hear.

“Well, I wouldn’t say that….”

However, the fortune teller clicked her tongue.

“If you are fertile land, he is a seed. He can grow tall and strong in your land… but strictly speaking, this also comes with your sacrifice since he will be taking the land’s nutrients.”

Seo Yuhui’s face stiffened.

“Too much is never good. Also, opposites attract.”

Meaning, she was no different from Baek Haeju.

Seo Yuhui stepped back in shock.

“Me next! Look at mine next!”

“Me too!”

With two of the strongest contenders being knocked down, the remaining contenders stepped up to the plate.

“Mm. The two of you will fight a lot. But this isn’t so bad. It’s like they say, a lover’s quarrel is like cutting water with a knife. Bickering with each other is also a way of having fun.”

Chohong’s was yellow.

“Let’s see…. At first, it might be a little hard. You’re both children. How can a child raise another child? But this is still good. As you two grow, you will be able to arrive at a better future.”

Charlotte Aria’s was blue.

“Wait, what is this color? How can a color like this appear?”

Teresa’s was pink, but the fortune teller was taken aback, saying she had never seen anything like it.

“Ah… mm… this might be a little too extreme… but you two might be surprisingly compatible…?”

As for Eun Yuri, who got an indigo[3] color, the fortune teller hesitated to explain in detail, saying it was too embarrassing.

“None of them have been all that good so far.”

Meanwhile, Phi Sora, who was watching from a distance, giggled.

“Would you like to give it a try?”

The fortune teller offered with a gentle smile.

Phi Sora shook her head.

“No, he and I will never get together anyway.”

“There’s no such thing as never. The future isn’t set in stone! Come, come. Hurry!”

With the fortune teller urging her, Phi Sora smacked her lips and walked forward.

“Well, I guess it wouldn’t hurt…. But just so you know, I’m doing this just for fun.”

She growled at Seol Jihu despite no one saying a thing, and then put her hand on the orb.

Woong!

The orb vibrated slightly and spat out a light.

It was green.

“...Eh?”

The fortune teller’s jaw dropped.

“Why? Have you never seen this color before either?”

“No, green is part of the rainbow’s seven colors.”

Phi Sora asked playfully, but the fortune teller was dead serious.

“Green is definitely part of the Rainbow Fortune colors… but it’s not a color that appears often.”

“...W-Why?”

Feeling a sense of foreboding, Phi Sora asked furtively.

“Because green signifies safety.”

“?”

“The two of you have very safe compatibility. This is exceedingly rare.”

Phi Sora looked as if she wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry.

“To be honest, not many people are compatible from the get-go. It might be possible, of course, but it’s very rare. People are naturally different because they have different backgrounds and grew up in different environments.”

The fortune teller continued.

“That’s why couples slowly become more compatible through compromise and sacrifice… but this….”

“...This?”

“It’s like you found your other half already. Like a perfect fit.”

The fortune teller nodded her head.

“This is the so-called match made in heaven!”

When Phi Sora heard this, she didn't know how to react.

“Bullshit!”

She decided to get angry.

“No freaking way. Me and him? A match made in heaven? Does it look like I was born yesterday? Are you trying to ruin my future?”

“Huh? No, that’s just how your future is....”

“Everything’s made up anyway! Anyone can talk! Why, do you want me to put a curse on you too!?”

“Ah, I see, you want me to show you proof!”

Chak! The fortune teller clapped her hands.

“No problem. Can you two look up at the ceiling?”

Seol Jihu and Phi Sora tilted their heads up in the heat of the moment.

Soon, a scene unfolded in front of them. It was a scene of a room.

‘...Isn’t this my room?’

Phi Sora furrowed her brows. There was no way she wouldn’t recognize her own place on Earth.

‘Why is my room... hold on.’

After seeing a bunch of liquor bottles lying around the room, Phi Sora’s eyes shot open. It was because a man and a woman were lying on the bed she slept in.

One was Seol Jihu, and the other was Phi Sora.

The problem was that they were both naked. With their backs against each other, Seol Jihu was clutching his head with his eyes closed, and Phi Sora was nibbling on her lower lip with a look of exasperation. It was as if the pair was having a rush of morning regret after a fiery night.

‘The hell?’

The scene changed before Phi Sora could even collect her thoughts.

This time, the same pair was sitting on the couch lovingly, watching TV and snacking on dried squid. They looked like a long-time couple.

Of course, Seol Jihu was watching this scene as well.

Again, the scene changed.

‘What?’

Seol Jihu was just as dumbfounded as Phi Sora. The third scene was of him kneeling down and proposing to her with a ring.

[Hmph!]

Phi Sora snorted with her arms crossed. Then...

[It’s not like I’m accepting it because I like you or anything.]

She turned her head and accepted the ring as if she couldn’t help it.

The scene changed again.

This time, the pair was at a wedding. Under everyone’s blessings, Ian asked as the officiant, Do the husband and wife solemnly swear to love and cherish each other forever?

At this, Phi Sora responded.

[Hmph, it’s not like I’m marrying him because I like him or anything.]

She turned her head again and murmured.

The scene changed again.

Seol Jihu doubted his eyes. It was because Phi Sora was sitting on the couch with her stomach bloated like a miniature mountain, and he was smiling happily while rubbing his scratchy cheek on her belly.

[...Hm, hmph.]

Phi Sora did not turn her head this time.

[It’s not like I got pregnant because I like you or anything.]

With a faint, barely-visible smile, she stroked Seol Jihu’s head gently.

The scene changed yet again.

On a warm spring day, at a park full of people, a married couple could be seen under the scattering petals.

Seol Jihu and Phi Sora were sitting at the park’s bench with a child in each of their hands.

[Sora.]

Seol Jihu put his arms around Phi Sora and pulled her in.

[Let’s live happily ever after.]

Phi Sora hugged her child tightly and replied gently.

[Yes, dear….]

She went into Seol Jihu’s embrace as if she was used to it and buried her face in his chest.

That was where the vision ended.

The moment Seol Jihu and Phi Sora gave beautiful, happy smiles…

“UWAAAAAAAAAK!”

“KYAAAAAAAAAAK!”

The screams of the pair shook the tent.

“NO WAY! NO! WHY!? HOW!?”

Phi Sora shook her head while scratching it crazily.

Seol Jihu was in a worse state.

“UWAAAAAK! UWAAAAAK!”

He shrieked and despaired at the world as if the Parasite Queen had destroyed Paradise.

“...Oh?”

Hah. Phi Sora scoffed in disbelief.

“UWAAOOAAOOAOOAAOOAAOAAHH!”

The scenes must have been quite a shock as Seol Jihu even started to bang his head on the wall.

“Ooooooh?”

Phi Sora glared and put her hands on her hips.

“Hey, hey, do you think you’re the only one who finds this heinously disturbing?”

Seol Jihu slowly turned his head. Phi Sora thumped her chest.

“I don’t like it either! It’s unpleasant for me too!”

Seol Jihu stared at Phi Sora fixedly, and then….

“H-Hmm?”

He suddenly picked up Seo Yuhui and placed her in front of Phi Sora. It was as if he was showing her off.

“What?”

Phi Sora asked as if she didn’t get it.

“?”

Next, Seol Jihu picked up Baek Haeju and placed her in front of Phi Sora.

“L-Let me go!”

He did the same for Kim Hannah.

“Ang?”

And then the puzzled Charlotte Aria.

“Ah?”

And then the blinking Eun Yuri.

“What are you doing?”

And then the grumbling Chohong.

“Good, let’s run away together now.”

And then finally, Teresa.

Phi Sora understood his intention. Seol Jihu was basically asking how she could compare to any one of these women. At least, that was how she interpreted it.

Next, Seol Jihu borrowed a mirror from Kim Hannah and then brought it up to Phi Sora’s face.

He then shouted.

“UWAAAAAAAAAAH!”

“....”

Phi Sora’s brows twitched.

Of course, she knew that the other women were undisputable beauties. But she did not think she lost out to them in any way. As she prided in her figure and appearance, Phi Sora could not tolerate such humiliation.

“...Oi.”

Phi Sora’s expression turned cold.

“Are you crazy?”

“Uwaaah?”

“You motherfucking brat, piece of shit, son of a bitch, do you have a death wish?”

In the end, she cursed spitefully. She reached out at the same time, but Seol Jihu hopped back and escaped.

“Uwaah!”

“Get your ass over here while I’m still being nice.”

“Uwaaaah!”

“Did you not hear me? Get over here!!”

Seol Jihu ran away, and Phi Sora chased after him.

Everyone else watched Seol Jihu and Phi Sora disappear and shook their heads.

“Well… why don’t we leave too?”

“That was fun.”

As the group left one by one, Seo Yuhui stopped stealthily. She approached the fortune teller and whispered.

“Is it true?”

“Hmm?”

“Everything you said just now. Is it all true?”

“Yes, of course.”

Seo Yuhui bit her lower lip.

“It can be changed, right? The future, I mean.”

“No, this will be difficult.”

Luxuria spoke clearly.

Seo Yuhui gasped.

“Why? You said the future wasn’t set in stone!”

“It depends on the future.”

Luxuria continued quietly.

“If I were to put it in perspective… even if I say, you have a future of being the president!, it’s not like everyone can become one.”

“We changed Paradise’s future.”

“I would have said it was possible were it that easy.”

Luxuria spoke calmly as if she was consoling an angry child.

“Fighting thousands of Parasite Queens at the same time and coming out victorious will be a lot easier than this.”

“T-That hard?”

“Yes!”

Luxuria nodded gravely.

“It can’t be helped. The future is variable but also invariable. There are certain things that have been decided since creation.”

With that, Luxuria crossed her arms.

“To change a future like this, I would think a Heaven-rank 9 god needs to step in….”

“Heaven-rank 9?”

“Yep. That’s on the level of the Creation God’s territory.”

When Seo Yuhui tilted her head, Luxuria added a few more words.

“There are many gods in the universe. The Parasite Queen was only around the level of Heaven-rank 7.5. She won’t even be able to lift a finger against a Heaven-rank 8 god, and Heaven-rank 9 gods are existences that can crush Heaven-rank 8 gods with one finger.”

While Seo Yuhui gasped in astonishment, her complexion paled. It was because she understood how difficult it would be to change Seol Jihu’s future.

“I see….”

She let out a deep sigh and turned around. She did not turn back even when Luxuria called out to her. She only trudged out in deep thought.

“No… wait….”

Luxuria helplessly lowered her arm that was reaching for Seo Yuhui.

“It’s ten silver coins per person….”

Luxuria pouted, having been cheated unintentionally.

1. A type of Korean card game played with a specific set of cards.



2. Basically, a list of everything that gives the player massive points in this game.



3. The author wrote this color as Violet (same as Seo Yuhui’s), but we think it might be Indigo as the explanation is different from hers.





Side Story 2. The Forgotten


It started out like any other day. He woke up in the morning, opened the restaurant, sold ramen with Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui, and prepared to close for the day when the sun set. But his routine was altered when a customer arrived. The small bell attached to the door chimed as the door opened.

“I’m sorry, but we’re closed for—”

‘…the day,’ was what Seol Jihu was about to say, but stopped when he saw the man standing in the doorway. The man in a black suit and sunglasses closed the door behind him and entered the restaurant. Seol Jihu’s face brightened with surprise at the unexpected visitor.

“Mister Hao Win…!”

“Do you mind keeping this place open for another hour or two?”

Hao Win pulled down his sunglasses just enough to show his eyes and raised the shopping bag in his hand.

“I’ll be even more glad if you offer corkage service.”

“Cor...kage?”

“It’s what restaurants call when they charge to open and serve the wines that customers bring to the restaurant."

Baek Haeju explained. A smile spread over Seol Jihu’s face when he realized what was inside the shopping bag.

“Of course. Come in, come in.”

“I can’t believe it took me this long.”

Hao Win settled down at a table, clicking his tongue.

“I was going to drop by during the day, but the line was just too long. Ah, no need for bartenders tonight.”

He said, looking at Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui. The pair understood his intention and left with a smile.

“Let me get you some snacks. What would you like?”

“That’s okay. All I need is cinnamon, salt, and sugar. And a thin slice of lemon or orange, if you have some.”

“Cinnamon, salt, and sugar…?”

With a smile, Hao Win pulled out a bottle from the shopping bag and placed it on the table. The transparent liquid swayed gently in the clear bottle.

“It’s tequila.”

“…Sounds strong.”

“The truth is, I don’t really like drinking.”

Hao Win smirked.

“Sometimes, work requires me to drink, but I always drink to enjoy, not to get drunk. But….”

Suddenly, his voice faded. Then he licked his lips.

“Lately, I’ve begun to realize why some people are so eager to get drunk.”

Seol Jihu’s gaze lingered on Hao Win for a moment before he turned around to grab the requested condiments. He brought them to the table and sat across Hao Win.

The pair then began to talk about trivial and random issues, about the past and present, while emptying their glasses.

“That’s right.”

Soon, the topic moved to recent events.

“A festival was held here recently, no?”

By then, the bottle was about half empty.

“Yes.”

Seol Jihu answered, sprinkling salt over a thin slice of orange.

“It was fun.”

“…”

“Didn’t Nur also have one?”

“…Yes.”

“How was it? Nur’s a port city, so I expect—”

“It was boring.”

The reply came promptly. Seol Jihu raised his eyes and saw Hao Win slam another shot of tequila down his throat.

Tak. Hao Win put the glass down on the table, picked up the slice of orange that Seol Jihu had sprinkled with salt earlier, and sucked on it.

His face warped into a frown.

“It was… boring.”

He repeated yet again. Seol Jihu tilted his head.

“Do you not like festivals?”

“I like them. I do. But….”

Hao Win’s mouth opened, then closed with hesitation. Finally, he let out a long sigh.

“I don’t know how to explain this.”

“Is there a problem?”

“Everything’s fine, at least on the outside.”

Hao Win continued quietly.

“Seol, I know you appointed us as Nur’s representative organization for our sake. You promised Nur support, and thanks to your help, most of the city has been restored to its prewar condition…. The city has, that is.”

He stressed the word city.

The Parasites had destroyed Nur during the war. All the inhabitants of the city were killed regardless of origin, and the royals were no exception. Nur’s current population consisted of Paradisians who had migrated from other cities. The city’s throne had been left empty until not long ago when Hao Win became Nur’s new king.

“Honestly, I thought I’d excel as a king.”

“…”

“To be accurate, I thought the people of this world would be fed up with the royal families’ incompetence.”

“Mister Hao Win, that’s—”

“I know, I remember what you told me. The Chief Deity in charge of causality made a big mistake, and that’s why everything went awry.”

“…That’s right.”

“But it’s not like the public knows that.”

Hao Win took off his sunglasses. His face appeared pale under the dim light. Only his eyes were burning quietly. It was unlike him to complain like this; it must be the alcohol. Instead of speaking, Seol Jihu chose to listen. Hao Win’s words were raw with emotion. This presented Seol Jihu with an opportunity to better understand what was troubling his guest.

“I… I liked Haramark.”

Hao Win said after a moment of silence.

“The atmosphere was gloomy, but there was hope there because Haramark’s royal family really cared about their people, and strived to protect them from the Parasites.”

“You’re right.”

“Eva is even better. Sure, it was trash at first, but now it’s the most vibrant city in Paradise. Am I right?”

“Yes.”

“The problem is—”

Hao Win’s voice shot up a notch.

“Nur… just doesn’t have that kind of energy. Even though the Parasites are gone….”

He loosened his tie.

“So what exactly is Nur’s problem? I’ve thought long and hard about this and concluded that Nur lacks two things that all the other cities have.”

Hao Win popped the top button of his shirt and let out the breath that he had been holding.

“First, it has no royal family.”

“Well, that’s….”

“Second, it has no hero to make up for the absence of the royal family.”

“It’s only been a year since the war ended.”

Seol Jihu began to speak.

“One year. And the war lasted more than two decades.”

“At first, I thought things would get better with time.”

Hao Win smiled bitterly.

“Will it, though?”

“Mister Hao Win.”

“I’m not talking about the wounds of war or anything like that.”

Hao Win’s voice suddenly dropped to a whisper.

“This world is fundamentally different from ours. There’s a big difference between the way we see our president and the way the Paradisians see their king.”

It looks like the royal families’ incompetence did nothing to change people’s perception. Hao Win added.

“There’s more.”

He continued.

“In this world, we’re strangers.”

“…”

“We can pack up and leave whenever we like, and they know that.”

Seol Jihu shut his mouth. He finally realized what Hao Win was trying to say and why he was so worried.

“Things might have been different if the Parasites had been here.”

But the Parasites had disappeared from Paradise forever.

“It’s not that I miss them, but… I just regret that I wasn’t able to become a hero whom people can trust.”

Hao Win grabbed the bottle and shook it. It was now empty.

“I’m still not 100% sure about this. I’m hesitant even now. But….”

Tang. Hao Win placed the bottle back down on the table.

“Ever since the festival, my thoughts have been leaning to one side.”

Hao Win continued.

“The highest position allowed for an Earthling like myself may be the representative of an organization partnered with a traditional royal family.”

Seol Jihu stared down at the table in silence. He didn’t know what to say.

“It’s not like I can suddenly introduce democracy to Nur, you know.”

Hao Win broke into a helpless laughter. Seol Jihu hardly managed to form a smile.

“I’m sorry. I know this must be sudden for you. It’s just that I’ve been under a lot of stress lately. I feel like I can finally understand why you resigned from Valhalla after the Half Century Treaty.”

Hao Win shook his head.

“Now, I’d like to tell you why I came all the way to see you.”

After the laughter subsided, Hao Win began to speak with a relaxed expression. His face still showed hesitation, but he looked much more comfortable than before.

“I have a favor to ask of you.”

“I’ll do it.”

Seol Jihu answered right away. Hao Win’s eyes widened.

“How can I say no? You helped my family and me.”

A soft smile spread across Hao Win’s lips.

“Do you mean it?”

“Of course.”

Seol Jihu winked.

“As long as it’s something that can be granted with a wish.”

*

The day after Hao Win’s visit, Seol Jihu left Eva for Scheherazade. His conversation with Hao Win reminded him of a certain individual and he headed over to pay her a visit. But when he finally arrived at Sinyoung, he became a little worried. Would he be able to meet her? Retired from Valhalla, Seol Jihu was now officially nothing.

Fortunately, his worry soon proved unnecessary. Upon hearing of Seol Jihu’s arrival, a woman ran out barefooted to receive him at the door. This woman was Yun Seora, the executive director of Sinyoung.

“You surprised me! Why didn’t you tell me you were coming?”

“I thought I brought my communication crystal, but it turned out I didn’t.”

Seol Jihu smiled awkwardly.

“I didn’t realize it until it was too late….”

But his smile soon faded as he realized just how exhausted Yun Seora looked. It was no surprise. She must be overexerting herself, trying to fix everything that had happened to Sinyoung and Scheherazade.

“How’s everything?”

“The same.”

Yun Seora gave a weak smile.

“It can’t be helped, I guess. A year in Paradise is only four months on Earth after all.”

“No, Earth is fine, actually.”

Yun Seora shook her head.

“We’ve taken matters into our own hands from the start, and the public is quick to forget.”

Seol Jihu nodded. Lately, he hadn’t seen Sinyoung on the news as often as he used to, come to think of it. Front pages no longer mentioned Sinyoung.

“The problem is Paradise.”

Yun Seora sighed.

“A lot has changed… but some things just don't change.”

She remarked meaningfully.

“And it’s not just limited to Scheherazade. But then again, with everything that’s happened, I can understand why some people don’t like Sinyoung.”

Yun Seora gave a bitter smile before turning her gaze to Seol Jihu.

“So please, help me.”

Seol Jihu was about to speak but stopped.

“Isn’t that what you’re here for?”

His eyes widened.

“I’ve decided to be more honest from now on.”

A pink blush spread across Yun Seora’s cheeks as she dropped her eyes in slight embarrassment. Seol Jihu could not help but smile at the sight.

“A few days ago….”

Finally, he told her why he came to see her in the first place.

Yun Seora listened patiently.

“I see. The Triads’ representative….”

“I've faced a similar dilemma in the past. Should I do it, or should I not? I think I might really have done it if it was Eva.”

Seol Jihu said, looking down at Yun Seora, who was gazing at the floor.

“I’m not trying to force you. I’m just asking your opinion."

“The truth is….”

Yun Seora raised her head as soon as Seol Jihu finished speaking. Her face showed no sign of surprise.

“I’ve been having similar thoughts.”

She continued with a hesitant look.

“But, I’m worried that you’ll….”

“You don’t have to worry about me.”

Seol Jihu dismissed her worry with a wave of his hand.

“I have a ton of Divine Wishes in stock.”

“But.”

“More importantly.”

Seol Jihu paused. He looked deep into Yun Seora’s eyes and spoke in a heartfelt voice.

“No price is too high to make you happy. I mean it.”

Yun Seora’s eyes widened. Her breathing quickened, and a strange groan escaped her lips.

*

As the woman opened her eyes, a familiar view came into focus.

‘This place is….’

She knew she had been here before.

“You’re awake.”

But before she could remember where exactly she was, a cheerful voice interrupted her thoughts. The woman’s blonde hair fluttered lightly in the air as she quickly turned around in the direction of the voice.

Her eyes widened instantly.

“You…!”

“Welcome back to Paradise, Roe Scheherazade.”

Seol Jihu grinned brightly.

Roe Scheherazade stared at him for a moment before turning her gaze to Gula’s statue. She finally understood what had happened to her.

“You… revived me.”

“Yes, I did.”

“Why?”

Roe Scheherazade asked sharply, the anger in her voice evident.

“For what purpose?”

“Well….”

Seol Jihu looked sideways as if in thought. Then he turned his eyes back to Roe Scheherazade before suddenly breaking into a playful grin.

“Because you’re pretty?”

“?”

“Because your beauty suits my taste. Let’s just say that I’ve fallen in love.”

Roe Scheherazade furrowed her brow.

“That’s your reason for bringing me back to life?”

“It may not be a big deal for you, but it is for me.”

Seol Jihu shrugged, and Roe Scheherazade heaved a sigh. This man was saying that he revived her just so that he could take her. A dumbfounded chuckle escaped her lips.

“In the end… you’re no different from those scumbags.”

“You know what they say—all men are the same at the core. Even the ones that are different change when they rise to positions of authority.”

Seol Jihu answered fluently. Roe Scheherazade closed her eyes, for she felt that he wasn't even worth talking to.

“Well then, shall we get going?”

Seol Jihu grabbed Roe Scheherazade’s arm. She tried to wriggle free but to no avail.

“Stop wasting your energy and save it. You’ll need it for plenty of other occasions.”

His hand pulled her forcefully against her will.

“For your information, it’s been a little over a year since you died.”

Seol Jihu explained as they descended the stairs.

“The Parasites have disappeared from Paradise. Everyone is living in harmony now. Take a look over there.”

Seol Jihu pointed at the streets of Scheherazade, but no answer came from Roe Scheherazade. He felt as if he was dragging a broken doll.

“I have a question.”

Seol Jihu turned back his head slightly.

“Why did you save me?”

“I never saved you.”

Roe Scheherazade replied coldly.

“Somebody must have found my necklace, and—”

“Even that requires a formal transfer of rights.”

Roe Scheherazade shut her mouth.

“I also read your will.”

“…Please kill me.”

She muttered with a heavy sigh.

“Why did you…. Why….”

“No.”

Seol Jihu declined without hesitation. Roe Scheherazade’s eyes narrowed.

“How naive! Did you really think that I’d let you have your way?”

“Resist if you want, but keep in mind that I can always revive you again.”

Seol Jihu chuckled.

“I’m the one who killed the Parasite Queen, actually. And it turns out that I can make hundreds of thousands of Divine Wishes.”

A look of disgust crossed Roe Scheherazade’s face.

Soon, the pair arrived at the palace.

Seol Jihu walked down the hallway and stopped in front of Roe Scheherazade’s room.

“Go on. Get dressed and come to the throne room. Make sure you look nice, alright?”

He pushed Roe Scheherazade toward the door, but her feet remained planted firm.

“I wouldn’t be so disgusted if you revived me for the sake of revenge.”

Her gaze pierced Seol Jihu.

“I’ll make you regret this.”

Her eyes flashed with hatred and vengeance.

“And how exactly do you plan to do that?”

Seol Jihu asked in a slightly mocking tone, resting the Spear of Purity against his shoulder.

“Even the mighty Parasite Queen knelt before me.”

He continued with a smirk.

“I hope you get your revenge. But until then, I look forward to spending time with you.”

Seol Jihu opened the door and pushed Roe Scheherazade inside.

“Oh, by the way.”

He asked just before he closed the door.

“How did you feel on your way here?”

“…”

“Did you feel sad? Hopeless?”

“You are….”

Roe Scheherazade’s eyelids trembled.

“…Truly the most despicable man I have ever seen.”

“That’s harsh.”

Seol Jihu smiled before suddenly clasping his hands in front of him and bowing his head.

“Please forgive me. It’s just that I felt the same way back then.”

“What….”

The door closed on her with a thud, and Roe Scheherazade blinked in confusion.

A couple of servants were already waiting for her in the room. They took her to the bath, washed her, combed her hair, and powdered her face. Then they dressed her in royal apparel, in which she looked absolutely stunning as a queen should. And not even once did Roe Scheherazade resist while all this happened. She had already lost all hope for herself.

Soon, she found herself walking down the corridor to the throne room. All of a sudden, without any warning, tears streamed down her face. She felt stupid and pathetic. She thought everything would be over, but it wasn’t. Now, she could no longer even take refuge in death. Instead, she was forced to repeat those days—those days of devastating pain and humiliation—possibly for eternity this time.

‘Perhaps this is also karma.’

It didn’t take her long to arrive at the throne room. Without any hesitation, Roe Scheherazade proceeded to enter the room but suddenly paused.

“Therefore… the royal family must take care of this issue….”

She heard voices from inside the throne room.

‘This voice…?’

Through a crack in the door, she saw a familiar face. Yun Seora was sitting in a chair, smiling, and talking to someone. Their eyes met briefly. Yun Seora greeted Roe Scheherazade with a small nod before getting up from her chair. Then she bowed her head politely to the person she had been talking to and walked out of the room.

“Go on.”

Yun Seora brushed past her. The door to the throne room swung open. Roe Scheherazade, who intuitively took a step inside….

“……”

…Stumbled before she could even take the next step. She couldn’t help it, because the man standing in front of her was not Seol Jihu.

Her gaze reached the bright blond hair reflecting the sunlight shining through the window, then crossed over to the broad forehead and the kind eyes beneath it. A handsome, middle-aged man with a well-groomed beard and a crown over his head stood waiting for her words.

“Ga, Ga….”

This man was Gairos Scheherazade, the King of Scheherazade.

“Gai….”

Roe Scheherazade stood frozen for a long moment. Her mind went blank, and she couldn’t tell whether this was a dream or not. Through tears, her vision kept blurring.

Gairos waited patiently. He opened his mouth as if to speak but soon threw his hands up and shrugged his shoulders. Then he spread his arms wide with a bright smile that showed his fine teeth.

“I've missed you, dear.”

Roe Scheherazade couldn’t wait any longer.

“Ah….”

She still wasn’t sure if he was real. But the unknown emotion boiling in her stomach had already spread throughout her body and taken hold of her.

“Ah….”

When she realized that, Roe Scheherazade was already running toward Gairos Scheherazade.

“Ahhhhhhhh!”

Crying and screaming like a child, she jumped into his arms. And then….

“…”

Seol Jihu, who had been watching them from afar, broke into a satisfied smile. He turned around quietly and left the palace.

*

A few days passed by. The revival of Nur and Scheherazade’s royal families became the talk of Paradise. Newspapers reported that the Triads and Sinyoung would cooperate with their respective royal families as partners in overseeing Paradise from now on.

“So this is why you wanted to close the restaurant for a few days.”

Seo Yuhui muttered as she skimmed through the newspaper. Seol Jihu, who was sitting at the table, coughed in mild embarrassment.

“What made you change your mind? I thought you said you didn’t want to interfere in other people’s business?”

“I didn’t interfere.”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“I only did it as a favor to the two people who are my comrades, friends, and benefactors.”

“Yeah?”

Seo Yuhui stood up, giggling. She wrapped her arms around Seol Jihu’s neck from behind and asked.

“…Will you be alright?”

“What do you mean?”

Seol Jihu rubbed the back of his head against Seo Yuhui as he tilted his head back.

“Nur is fine, but Roe Scheherazade…. She’s a scary person.”

“Hmm. I think we’ll be fine.”

A chuckle escaped Seol Jihu’s mouth before he turned his attention back to honing his spear.

“I was just a bit curious.”

“About what?”

“About what could have… no, what will happen if I reach out first.”

Though I can’t deny that it took me way too long. Seol Jihu muttered as he pressed the spear’s blade with his fingers. Seo Yuhui tilted her head in question.

“But I understand why you’re worried, Yuhui. If what you’re afraid of really happens….”

He continued, inspecting his spear from different angles.

“That’s when I’ll really have to interfere.”

Seo Yuhui smiled at the remark.

“Okay, let’s leave it at that. But I have one more question for you.”

“?”

“Why do you think your ‘comrade, friend, and benefactor’ called me out to talk?”

“Huh? Which one?”

“Miss Yun Seora.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. He shook his head as if to indicate that he had no idea what she was talking about. Hmph. Seo Yuhui said. She pinched Seol Jihu’s cheek and rolled her eyes before turning around and heading toward the kitchen.

“But I didn’t do anything wrong this time.”

Seol Jihu tilted his head and lifted the Spear of Purity above his head.

“You agree with me, right?”

Woong.

It was then that the Spear of Purity slipped out of his hand, and its shaft struck Seol Jihu on the head. Seol Jihu asked, puzzled.

“…What was that for?”





Side Story 3. Blissful Honeymoon


After the fall of the Parasites, Seol Jihu’s name was unsurprisingly the most talked-about in Paradise. Regardless of what kind of a person he was, it was an undeniable truth that he was the one who defeated the Parasite Queen, thereby setting a feat that would be recorded in the annals of Paradise for ages to come.

The Sky Fairies praised his heroic feat in the form of a song, and historians added many flowery words to describe Seol Jihu’s legendary triumph.

Of course, Seol Jihu wasn’t the only one to be mentioned. The next person to be the talk of the town was Seo Yuhui, the Priest who discovered the legendary hero and stayed with him until the end. There was nothing more the public would love talking about.

If one were to add another explanation on top of that, the reason for Seo Yuhui’s fame would have to be her relationship with Seol Jihu. After all, the two of them were well-known lovebirds in Eva.

However, anything could become too excessive. The problem was with the way the pair expressed love.

It was the same today. Early morning, as ‘Seol Jihu Ramen?’ restaurant was preparing to open for the day, the place was packed before the doors even opened.

Surprisingly, the people sitting at the tables were all Seol Jihu’s acquaintances.

This was a sneaky trick that they quickly found. Using their friendship with Seol Jihu, they would drop by in the morning, saying, “I came to say hi~” Following which, they would lounge around for a little while and order as soon as the restaurant opened for business.

Once this method became widely known, some even began to come the night before, saying, “I came to hang out~” Then, they would stay overnight, using the tables as beds.

Seeing these people, Cinzia clicked her tongue and sarcastically applauded their devotion. Agnes, on the other hand, criticized them for using such a cheap, underhanded method. Of course, both of them shut up when they were asked, “Then why don’t you get rid of your designated seat and try waiting?”

In any case, the winners of today’s table-scramble were anxiously waiting for Seol Jihu’s arrival. According to Seo Yuhui, who was preparing ingredients in the kitchen, he had gone to see the baby fuzzballs that the baby fuzzballs of the fuzzballs birthed.

It wasn’t until a few minutes before opening time that they understood what she meant. Whimpers rang out from the outside before the door opened.

The anxiously waiting crowd turned to the door in excitement. Then, they all opened their eyes in surprise.

Setting aside a group of big and small fuzzballs that were wagging their tails and following him, a large bouquet could be seen in Seol Jihu’s hands as he walked in.

No one knew where he got it from, but it was arranged with snow-white flowers, giving it a pure, beautiful look.

After scanning the restaurant, Seol Jihu spotted Seo Yuhui cutting green onions in the kitchen and grinned.

“Hmm? What’s up?”

Seo Yuhui looked up and tilted her head.

Seol Jihu hid the bouquet behind his back. Of course, Seo Yuhui had already seen it.

“You see….”

Hooked on a strange, god-knows-what role play, Seol Jihu walked up with heavy airs.

“I heard there was a lady here who was as beautiful as a flower…”

Seol Jihu stopped and stared with a mellow gaze. Seo Yuhui smiled bitterly, wondering what prank he was up to this time.

At that moment, Seol Jihu suddenly pulled out the bouquet. Seo Yuhui’s eyes widened.

“...Oh no, what have I done?”

Seol Jihus’ eyes were still mellow. They looked so sweet that the spectators thought his eyes were dripping honey.

“I meant to bring flowers befitting your beauty, but….”

As Seol Jihu continued, Seo Yuhui blinked rapidly. She looked extremely puzzled.

“It seems like the rumors were false.”

The blankly staring Teresa’s jaw slowly dropped. She seemed to be thinking, There’s no way, right? However, her suspicion quickly became a reality.

“Even these flowers are bowing their heads at the lady’s beauty. Aaah! Whatever shall I do? Even flowers are no match for your beauty!”

PFFFT! Agnes spat out the water she was drinking.

“S-Sorry, boss!”

“...No, it’s fine.”

Cinzia replied calmly and wiped her face with the back of her hand.

“That was a little hard on me too….”

She trailed off and turned back to Seol Jihu at a loss for words. She looked as if she was looking at some extinct species.

Seo Yuhui wasn’t there anymore. No, to be more precise, she was squatting in the same spot with her shoulders shaking. She giggled madly as if she was dying of laughter.

“Jihu, that was a bit, ahahahaha!”

Taking Seo Yuhui’s laughter as a show of happiness, Seol Jihu smiled beamingly as well.

“How will you make it up to me? There was no point in me buying these flowers because you are too beautiful!”

He kept throwing cringey lines with no shame.

Seo Yuhui barely stopped her laughter and got up. Though she was biting down on her lower lip, she smiled with her eyes as if to praise Seol Jihu for the effort.

Then, she placed her palm on his cheek.

“I’m sorry.”

She gave a pleased smile.

“I’m sorry for being too beautiful.”

Seol Jihu nodded as if in 100 percent agreement.

“Being too beautiful is a sin, you know.”

“Then what should I do?”

“Easy. I sentence Yuhui to be with Seol Jihu for 100 years! Uhehe!”

The little fuzzballs began to vomit en masse. The adult fuzzballs that were dazedly watching the couple took the little fuzzballs and turned around. Shaking their heads, they left the restaurant.

The fuzzballs weren’t the only ones showing such a reaction. Of the other speechless audience…

“Fuck….”

Teresa broke the silence.

“...This.”

And Eun Yuri finished her sentence.

“You bought this for me?”

Seo Yuhui took the bouquet. Seol Jihu could not hide his shock. Just standing with a bouquet in hand, Seo Yuhui looked like an actress right out of a movie.

Black silky hair, well-kempt eyelashes, full charming lips, narrow shoulders, and a pair of contrasting voluminous breasts….

Having experienced how comfy and snug the last area was, Seol Jihu’s eyes turned dreamy.

“Yuhui… why are you so pretty?”

Before anyone noticed, he was leaning on the kitchen table with his chin cupped in his hands.

“Hmm? Answer me. Why are you so pretty?”

With his eyebrows wiggling like caterpillars, he asked with a cheesy expression.

“Aing, I don’t know.”

Seo Yuhui’s cheeks reddened as she couldn’t hide her embarrassment any longer. She had played along with him because he was just too cute, but unlike a certain someone, she had shame.

“Anyway, these flowers are beautiful….”

Seo Yuhui cleared her throat and spoke.

“But, they are also a bit pitiful.”

“?”

“They’re beautiful when you first get them, but they will wither eventually.”

“You don’t have to worry. These are…”

“No, that’s not what I mean.”

Seo Yuhui spoke suggestively.

“A flower has to enjoy the sunlight and be watered to maintain its beauty.”

Seo Yuhui glanced at Seol Jihu.

“Ah~ If only someone can do the same for me~”

Seol Jihu exclaimed, “Ah.” Seo Yuhui made it obvious enough. No matter how dense he was, he could at least pick up on direct hints.

“That reminds me. There’s a saying, He who works hard shall enjoy a wonderful vacation.”

This seemed to be the right response as the smile on Seo Yuhui’s face became broader.

“Do you want to go on a trip? Just the two of us, I mean.”

“Oh, really?”

Seo Yuhui asked excitedly. Seol Jihu nodded. Baek Haeju had already submitted a one-week paid-time-off from the restaurant because of her own cafe. There was no better opportunity.

“Where do you have in mind?”

“Mm~ How about Hawaii?”

“Hawaii?”

“Yep. I went there before with Valhalla’s members as part of an organization workshop. It was great. You couldn’t join back then because you were sick. It’s been sitting on my mind, so this is perfect.”

“Hawaii….”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes became unfocused. Seeing the grinning Seol Jihu, she gulped hard.

“When do you want to go?”

“Today!”

“H-Hmm?”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes widened.

“Since we decided to go, why hesitate? Let’s leave right away!”

Seo Yuhui had been looking for an opening ever since the festival. She didn’t think Seol Jihu would be so eager.

“But what about the restaurant…?”

“It’s fine. We haven’t opened for the day yet. We’ll just post a notice that we’re taking a few days off.”

The people that had been waiting since the previous night jumped in a startle.

“W-Wait. We have to buy tickets, pack our bags, and….”

“Eii, all we need is our passports and wallets! Come on!”

Seol Jihu pulled Seo Yuhui’s arm, saying this was the real way to enjoy a trip. He then announced, “We’re temporarily closed starting from today!” and left immediately.

“....”

Only a lingering silence remained in the restaurant.

This was the ultimate fate for the ones cheating the system. Ring, ring~

With only the sound of the doorbell ringing...

“Fuck.”

Maria’s curse echoed in the void.

*

Seol Jihu left for a trip the day he returned to Earth. He booked the flight himself and called Seo Yuhui as soon as he found his passport. His attitude was completely different compared to when he was forcefully dragged there in the past.

A broad grin never left his face from the moment he met Seo Yuhui, who was wearing an old-school, white dress. After meeting at the airport terminal, they hopped on the plane full of smiles.

It was the same, even after they arrived in Hawaii. The two of them enjoyed a nice meal, took a brief rest, and then walked around.

Seol Jihu did not even notice the time go by.

Walking around the area with his arms locked with Seo Yuhui’s, he watched her try out dozens of swimsuits and grinned broadly after she bashfully decided on a white tube-top bikini. They then ran around the beach, playing tag.

He couldn’t be happier while doing all this. With Seo Yuhui by his side, the world looked different.

Then, by the time he noticed, night had fallen.

Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui walked around the night market and watched the night shows at the beach. They sat at an open theatre and watched a play while drinking beer. There was nothing better than drinking beer while facing the night breeze on the beach.

“Haha! Look at that person!”

Seol Jihu clapped his hands and laughed at an actor who was imitating the neighing of a horse. Then, he suddenly widened his eyes.

“Yuhui?”

Seo Yuhui had her head lowered with one hand over her left chest. Haa, haa. He could even hear her panting.

“What’s wrong? Are you okay?”

“Yeah…. It’s just….”

She groaned and raised her head slowly. Her face was noticeably red even under the darkness of the night.

“What’s wrong with me…? My head is spinning… and my heart is stinging….”

“What?”

Seol Jihu hurriedly examined her. The smell of alcohol wafted out of her with each breath. She seemed to be drunk despite only drinking two cans of beer.

“I didn’t know you were a lightweight….”

“Uun…. Haaaa….”

“You must be tired from running around all day. Okay, let’s stop drinking and go.”

“Un….”

Seol Jihu helped Seo Yuhui up. He wanted to go to a luxury hotel and grab a room, but Seo Yuhui refused. She said she wanted to get rest as soon as possible and was okay with anywhere.

“Stay here for a bit. I’ll go ask if they have a room.”

Seol Jihu went to a nearby motel and headed to the counter.

“Hello, do you have any rooms left?”

He asked in rather fluent English.

“Yes, for how many people?”

“Two.”

“Would you like one room or two?”

Seol Jihu paused for a moment. He looked at Seo Yuhui, who was leaning on the wall, and smiled lecherously. Thinking about it now, he often slept in Seo Yuhui’s embrace in Paradise but never on Earth.

“Hmm.”

With a cough, Seol Jihu said.

“Yuhui, what should we do?”

“Hmm…?”

“I should have booked a hotel… The man at the front desk said there’s only one room left….”

Seol Jihu avoided looking into Seo Yuhui’s eyes and scratched his cheek. For a very brief moment, Seo Yuhui smiled weakly.

“...Yeah? I guess it can’t be helped then.”

“We can try looking for a different place….”

“No, I’m fine. I want to rest.”

Seol Jihu clenched his fist.

“One room, please~”

He even forgot to speak in English and grinned with his thumbs up.

The man at the front desk stared at Seol Jihu while handing over the key. It was evident that he did not like Seol Jihu.

‘So obvious.’

Though he didn’t understand what the pair was talking about, having worked at this famous tourist attraction for years, he had developed a discerning eye for something like this.

Whether it be colleagues, friends, or strangers who met for the first time, some men tried to score by getting the women drunk.

“It’s on the fourth floor! Come on, Yuhui!”

This excited Asian man had to be one of such people.

‘As if I’ll let you! Watch me ruin your night!’

The man at the front desk scoffed and resolved himself. He usually did not meddle in such things… but he was jealous. The woman that was with the man was so blindingly beautiful that jealousy had reared its ugly head.

Even if his action did cause a problem, all he had to do was say there was a misunderstanding from the language barrier.

And so, he waited for Seo Yuhui to come closer after Seol Jihu went up.

“Miss.”

He spoke to her softly.

“That man is lying to you.”

Seo Yuhui stopped.

“There are many rooms left in this motel. Not just one.”

However, Seo Yuhui continued to walk, pretending not to have heard him.

‘Does she not speak English?’

“Miss, wait.”

The man at the front desk raised his voice. Then, just as he was about to turn on a voice translator…

“Shut up.”

The man doubted his ears.

“...What?”

Did she just say shut up? The man suddenly came to his senses. The woman was no longer showing any sign of being drunk. Instead, she was glaring at him with the eyes of a wicked vixen.

“Do you have any idea how long I’ve been waiting for this day?”

“It’s my chance to light and shine.”

“I’ll never miss this opportunity.”

“So, please be quiet. Please.”

“Yuhui! Do you need help coming up?”

At that moment, Seol Jihu peeked his head over the handrail and shouted. The man at the front desk jumped in a startle.

“Un… no… I’m coming….”

Seo Yuhui transformed within a microsecond from a wicked vixen to a staggering, drunk lady.

“It must be hard. Here, let me help.”

Seol Jihu ran back down and picked Seo Yuhui up in a princess carry.

“Ei, you can save your stamina for later….”

And for a brief moment, a coy smile flashed on Seo Yuhui's lips. Although Seol Jihu failed to see it, the man at the front desk saw it clearly. Seo Yuhui had stuck out her tongue and licked her upper lip.

It was only then that he realized he was gravely mistaken. The roles of the seasoned hunter and the innocent prey were reversed.

By the time he noticed, the pair was already going up the stairs. It was too late to stop them.

Looking at Seol Jihu, who was walking with light steps while thinking about getting a good night’s rest...

“Bro…!”

He belatedly stretched out his arm.





Side Story 4. The Mire of Lust


Ba-thump, ba-thump, ba-thump.

Seol Jihu’s heart was racing faster than ever before. As he walked up the stairs step by step, his lower stomach churned, and his knees wobbled.

But why? Seol Jihu couldn’t figure out why he was so nervous.

Perhaps it was because they were on Earth? This was the first time they were together as two ordinary people rather than two Earthlings.

Seol Jihu had definitely met up with Seo Yuhui a few times on Earth before… but this was the first time they would be sleeping in the same room like this on Earth.

While Seol Jihu was lost in his thoughts, his feet took him to the room. His throat drew a small gulp. His chin stung from the dreamy gaze that Seo Yuhui had been giving ever since he picked her up. As her gaze gradually became stronger, Seol Jihu felt something inside him awaken.

It was strange. He was having fun before coming to the motel, but during the short time he walked up the stairs, his happy emotions were replaced entirely by nervousness.

The pair didn’t say a word as if they’d promised beforehand.

“...I’m fine now.”

Soon, Seo Yuhui carefully hopped off Seol Jihu’s arms and stood on her legs. She took the key from the hesitating Seol Jihu and opened the door. Then, the two of them walked in with soft steps.

Neither one said anything even after they got in. They avoided each other’s eyes and looked around the room. By the time the silence was getting long and awkward, Seo Yuhui stealthily let out a small sigh.

Tzzk! She closed the curtains and slowly turned around.

“I’ll… wash up first.”

“Huh? Ah, okay.”

Seol Jihu nodded unwittingly and stared at Seo Yuhui as she headed to the bathroom.

Chwaaaa! The sound of water running rang out.

Seol Jihu did not move from the spot he was standing in. He looked around left and right, read a random travel brochure, and then gulped down a bottle of water. For some reason, he felt like his throat was parched and burning.

It took a long time until Seo Yuhui finally came out. The bathroom door only opened after 40 minutes, which seemed like 4 hours, went by.

From the steaming bathroom, Seo Yuhui walked out with a towel around her body. As she threw her wet hair back, Seol Jihu’s jaw slowly dropped.

Seo Yuhui stopped right in front of Seol Jihu. She tilted her head up and stared at him with glistening eyes.

Then, Seo Yuhui suddenly put one hand inside her towel. What she did next was truly shocking.

Tk. A hook was undone. As Seo Yuhui slowly took out her hand, a white bra came out with it.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. Seo Yuhui dropped the bra on the ground and bent down a little. As she rubbed her thighs together and subtly twisted her body, the towel around her shook.

When she stood back up and lightly stomped the ground, something fell to her feet. It was a shockingly lewd, white lacy underwear.

Seo Yuhui’s eyes curled like the crescent moon.

Hnng. A coquettish breath tickled his nose.

Seol Jihu’s breath stopped.

Seo Yuhui stretched out her leg. She seemed to be approaching Seol Jihu but then abruptly turned around. Slowly, very slowly, she walked toward the bedroom.

The way her butt shook as if to urge him to follow was so tantalizing and alluring that Seol Jihu unknowingly turned his head toward her.

Noticing that Seol Jihu’s gaze was glued to her, Seo Yuhui turned her head halfway and smiled seductively.

“Don’t keep me waiting for too long… okay?”

The moment her tingly voice brushed past his ears…

Tang.

The bedroom door closed shut.

It was only then that Seol Jihu came to his senses. He stood still for 20 whole seconds before spitting out the breath he had been holding in. He felt like he had just woken up from a dream.

The usual Seo Yuhui was nowhere to be seen, and some temptress had seduced him before disappearing. However, the proof of Seo Yuhui being there was left in the room.

It was around this time that Seol Jihu realized the source of the high that was making his body boil. It had truly been too long since he last tasted it.

The thought of snuggling with Seo Yuhui for a good sleep vanished. It wasn’t as if they didn’t have feelings for each other, and with Seo Yuhui throwing such obvious hints, how could he sit still?

In fact, he had no intention of refusing ever since the moment he met her eyes. His head and body were both asking for it strongly.

And by the time Seol Jihu organized his thoughts, his body was already on the move. He threw off his top, undid his belt and lowered his pants, rolled his feet to throw off his socks… and then he ran into the bathroom, naked.

On the other hand, Seo Yuhui was leaning against the bedroom, drawing heavy pants.

“Huu, huu.”

She made a bold move just now and was suffering from the embarrassment. Her heart was pounding so hard that it felt like it would burst.

Chwaaa….!

She put her hands on her flushed cheeks and then lowered them to feel her beating heart.

It was then.

The sound of the running water stopped, and the bathroom door shot open with a clunk.

“...Already?”

Seo Yuhui chuckled. As a splashing sound came closer, she straightened her body unknowingly. The towel covering her slid down.

Soon, the bedroom door flung opened, and a wet Seol Jihu walked in. He stepped on the towel on his way and wrapped his feet around the warmth that remained.

Inside a dark bedroom with only a dim light illuminating the room, Seo Yuhui was lying straight on the bed, under the blankets.

In that case, underneath the blankets must be….

Seol Jihu gulped.

Again, their eyes met. Seo Yuhui’s breaths sounded louder than usual.

Seol Jihu closed the door quietly. Then, without a moment of hesitation, he dropped the towel wrapped around his waist.

“Heek…!”

Seo Yuhui widened her eyes and drew a deep breath. She seemed shocked. It was because it was just as big as Flone made it out to be.

Seo Yuhui reflexively tried to cover her face but then bit her lower lip. Taking a deep breath, she took off the blankets with trembling hands. Though she mustered up her courage, her embarrassment still seemed to be there as she wrapped her arms around her breasts and twisted her legs on top of each other.

“....”

Seol Jihu gasped quietly.

It was night, but he could see Seo Yuhui’s figure clearly. Her feet were stiff from nervousness, and at the end of her extended calves were two soft thighs hiding a secret palace.

The round buttocks resembling a white ceramic pot and the slender yet curvy waistline above them made Seol Jihu’s blood boil.

That wasn’t all. The lines connecting her narrow shoulders to her fair nape were like a work of art. Additionally, her voluptuous breasts peeking out from behind her shielding arms and her heartrending gaze both stimulated his sexual urges.

After a very brief moment of silence, Seo Yuhui loosened her arms. She then spread them out as if to ask him to hurry.

Seeing this, Seol Jihu could no longer hold back. He staggered up as if entranced and then pounced on the bed like a tiger.

Seo Yuhui did not reject him. In fact, it was the opposite. She wrapped her right arm around Seol Jihu’s head and fumbled around the nightstand by the side of the bed with her left hand.

“Haak—!”

At that moment, Seo Yuhui’s eyes widened, and an intense moan burst out of her mouth. Her left fingers curled reflexively, and flicked off the light switch.

The lights went off, and the darkness descended in the room. Only the silvery moonlight peeking through the curtains illuminated the pair’s entangled shadows.

*

Bright sunlight knocked on Seol Jihu’s eyelids.

“Mmm….”

Seol Jihu opened his eyes while tossing around. His vision was blurry. Then, he recalled what happened last night.

He had poured out so much energy that he was sore. Half of his body was warm. A soft, squishy sensation was an added bonus. Seo Yuhui was tucked snugly in his arms, fast asleep.

Seeing her closed eyes, Seol Jihu subconsciously raised his hand and stroked her hair. By the time his hand reached her lower back, Seo Yuhui’s eyes had opened slightly.

“...Jihu….”

A hoarse voice rang out. It couldn’t be helped given how long she had screamed last night.

Just hearing her voice put a smile on Seol Jihu’s face. Seo Yuhui also smiled but then furrowed her brows.

“Ah….”

“What’s wrong? Are you okay?”

“I don’t know…. I’m sore all over…. And it still hurts a little….”

Seo Yuhui was rubbing her lower stomach while moaning.

“Wait just a moment. I’ll help you.”

“Mmmmmn.”

Seo Yuhui grabbed Seol Jihu and stopped him from getting up.

“It’s not that bad. It hurts, but not in a bad way….”

Seo Yuhui smiled bashfully. Then, she gently pushed Seol Jihu back down.

“Let’s just… stay like this for a bit….”

Hearing her whispers in his ears, Seol Jihu quietly closed his eyes. He was also enervated from exhausting his energy last night. When he entrusted himself in the coziness, sleep quickly came to him.

It wasn’t until noon that Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui left the room. The man at the front desk gazed at the pair as they walked down the stairs. In the end, he had failed to stop them.

‘He was done in…! He was hunted…!’

He could tell just by seeing the couple’s faces. They were sticking together with their arms interlocked, their faces red like tomatoes. The way they walked down while leaning on each other, it was like looking at a newlywed couple after their honeymoon night.

‘Well… I guess it isn’t all that bad….’

They both look happy. The man at the front desk mumbled before chuckling. Then, as Seol Jihu slowly walked out of the motel, he put his hands together and prayed, May this valiant warrior have success in his defense against that sly vixen.

After leaving the motel, the couple headed straight to a restaurant. Because they spent the entire night expending their energy, their stomachs were screaming for much-needed sustenance.

Eating to his heart’s content and recovering his energy, Seol Jihu sat down at a beachside bench and rested. Because they got out of bed late, the sun was already getting ready to set.

The couple leaned their heads together, held each other’s hands, and watched the scenic sunset beach. The mood was slightly different than yesterday. Seol Jihu seemed a little dazed, almost like he was still hungover from last night’s intoxication.

In truth, Seol Jihu no longer cared about the trip. He just couldn’t escape from the dreamy night. He was so moved when he buried his face in Seo Yuhui’s breasts last night that he felt like nothing would move him to that degree again.

“I’m bored….”

Then suddenly, a quiet whisper was heard.

“I want to have fun….”

Seo Yuhui was looking at Seol Jihu with her head leaned against him.

“Ah.”

Snapping out of his daze, Seol Jihu did a double-take.

“Let’s see. We had food…. Do you want to go see something?”

Seo Yuhui shook her head.

“Do you want to walk around?”

Seo Yuhui shook her head again.

“Or… is there anything you want to do?”

It was only now that Seo Yuhui nodded. She did not say what it was that she wanted to do. But, she lowered her head a little and gave a bashful smile.

“What is it?”

Hearing Seol Jihu’s question, Seo Yuhui replied by pointing her finger in a certain direction. It was where the motel was located.

Seol Jihu was about to ask, Oh, so you want to rest? But he swallowed his words at the last second.

Seo Yuhui had definitely said she wanted to have fun. It seemed she was thinking the same thing he was thinking.

“What a coincidence. I was thinking about having fun too.”

Uhuhuhuhu, Seol Jihu laughed lecherously and then got up. Seo Yuhui was also full of smiles.

After bringing Seo Yuhui back to the same motel, Seol Jihu took the room key from the dumbfounded front-desk man and headed straight to the room.

As soon as they entered, they embraced each other and kissed. Pulling each other’s clothes off, they headed to the bedroom.

Once they reached the bed, the fun began. The bed creaked and shook as grunts and moans intermingled in the room.

The games did not show any signs of ending. For example, they played a game of multiplication where the answer to two single-digit multiplication was 54. They then changed to a wrestling game, and because Seo Yuhui was being too aggressive, she was penalized by receiving a par terre[1] from Seol Jihu.

When the winner couldn’t be decided even with that, they went back to doing some more multiplication where the answer to two single-digit multiplication was 28.

It was only then that the first round ended.

“Huk…. Huk….”

“Haa…. Haaaaaaa—”

Heavy pants spread out on the bed after the storm. With drowsy and sparkling eyes respectively, Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui looked up at the red ceiling. Dusk had settled in completely, making the sky outside dark.

It was at this time that Seo Yuhui stealthily got up. When Seol Jihu tried to get up with her, she pressed down on his chest and pushed him back down.

Then, she safely landed her soft bum on Seol Jihu’s firm abs. When Seo Yuhui stretched out her arms, Seol Jihu did the same. With beaming smiles, the couple held each other’s hands.

The night was long. In fact, it was only just getting started.

*

“What happened?”

Kim Hannah sighed after seeing that the ‘temporarily closed’ sign was still hanging on the door. A week had passed since Seol Jihu left on his trip. Not in Paradise’s time, but in Earth’s time.

This meant three whole weeks had gone by in Paradise. Since Seol Jihu did not call even once, she couldn’t help but be worried. Although the probability was low, given Seol Jihu’s fame, it was not wrong to be at least a little suspicious.

And so, Kim Hannah was constantly on her cellphone today as in previous days.

—...Hey, Kim Hannah.

Just as she was about to hang up, the call connected.

“Hello?”

Kim Hannah’s eyes widened.

“Hey, where are you right now?”

—Me…? I’m in Hawaii….

“Still? Didn’t you say you’d be there for three days? It’s been a whole week!”

—A week…? Has it been that long…?

“You…. Wait, what’s wrong with your voice?”

Kim Hannah was about to say something when she furrowed her brows.

“Why do you sound so weak? Are you sick? Did you catch the flu or something?”

—No…. It’s not that….

At that moment, Seol Jihu’s moan suddenly rang out from the cellphone. He seemed to be clenching his teeth and holding his voice in.

“Don’t lie. It sounds like you’re in pain. Are you sure you’re okay?”

—Yeah, I’m… fine…. H-Hold on.

A rustle rang out from the cellphone, followed by Seol Jihu’s flustered voice and a woman’s giggle. Kim Hannah blinked quickly, her jaw dropping. There was no way she wouldn’t notice given how quick-witted she was.

—O-Okay. I’ll be back soon. Talk to you later.

The call hung up after a flustered reply. Kim Hannah stood frozen for some time before slowly lowering her arm. Then, she tilted her head and looked up at the sky.

However, she had to raise her arm again as her phone rang once more.

“...Who is it?”

—It’s me, Unni.

“Ah.”

—You didn’t forget about the meeting today, right?

Kim Hannah did a double-take. The caller was a younger cousin, and they even had the same alma mater, though the university had its name changed a few years ago, along with the replacement of its chairman. Because they got along ever since they were young, they often hung out together in college.

“Yeah, I know. I’m on my way.”

—Unni, I had to work really hard to arrange this meeting, so….

“I know, girl. I’ll be careful, okay? Don’t you know me?”

—...I trust you.

Kim Hannah raised an eyebrow at her cousin’s slightly gauging tone. Kim Hannah wondered if her cousin would ever find a man because of her personality, but surprisingly she was married and even had kids.

—Anyway, what gives?

“Hm? What do you mean?”

—You usually aren’t interested in things like this.

“You said you need more than money to live there. So I figured I’d get your help.”

—Are you trying to change the subject?

Kim Hannah coughed at her cousin’s sharp question.

“No, I mean, it’s a nice place. It’s the best high-rise residential apartment in Korea, has excellent infrastructure, and the schools nearby are also….”

—...Unni.

A suspicious voice flowed out.

—Are you really looking for a marital home?

“Who told you that?”

—Uncle and Aunty.

Kim Hannah sighed.

“...Well… I don’t know if you’ll believe me… but I saw a strange future….”

—Cut the crap. Who is it? When are you going to introduce him to me?

“Hey.”

—Is it today…?

“I’m getting in the taxi!”

Kim Hannah hung up. She looked at the vibrating cell phone and then shouted with a huff.

“I can’t introduce him because he’s too busy banging another girl in Hawaii!!”

She squealed before shoving the phone into her pocket. Pulling up her handbag angrily, she walked forward.

“Fuuuuuuck….”

For some reason, her ribs and sides were a little sore today.

1. A wrestling position. Look it up!





Side Story 5. The Corrupted Hero


Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui returned to Paradise four days later. Valhalla’s members could not hide their shock at the sight of them walking out of the temple.

The bags under Seol Jihu’s sunken eyes were dark. He was noticeably thinner and could even be described as fragile. What’s more, he seemed to be having difficulty walking and was helped by both Seo Yuhui and the Spear of Purity, which he was using as a cane. It was like watching a zombie.

On the other hand, Seo Yuhui looked extremely well-rested. Her hair was glossy, and her skin was glowing.

“What happened to you?”

“Seol! Which bastards did this to you!?”

Some of the members immediately flew into a fit of rage. They only calmed down after Seol Jihu assured them repeatedly that he was fine, and they had nothing to worry about. They were still worried about him, of course, but thought he would return to normal in a couple of days and that their favorite ramen restaurant would open again.

But their anticipation was met with disappointment. A ‘Temporarily Closed’ sign remained hanging on the door of Seol Jihu’s restaurant. Seol Jihu was back, but he seemed least interested in reopening the restaurant.

At first, they tried to understand. They all saw how Seol Jihu looked when he first returned, after all. But as more and more time passed, they realized something was wrong. Not only was Seol Jihu getting worse every day, but also….

“Gula-nim, I have a favor to ask….”

[?]

“Could you please replenish my stamina with a Divine Wish….”

An unbelievable rumor spread among Valhalla’s members that Seol Jihu had used a Divine Wish to restore his stamina.

In contrast, Seo Yuhui could not look better. Her beauty was blooming, and she exuded an alluring charm wherever she went. Her skin glowed brightly, making her look much more energetic.

But that wasn’t the only strange thing about them. One day, Eun Yuri visited Seol Jihu after just returning from an expedition. She had risked her life to secure a miracle elixir that she hoped would help Seol Jihu, who, she noticed, always looked tired these days. But when she walked up to the second floor of the restaurant with the elixir in her hand, she heard a strange noise.

Smooch, smooch.

Amid the silence, only the sound of sucking and occasional laughter filled the air.

Uup, uup….

With a strange sense of déjà vu, Eun Yuri tiptoed toward the door and burst it open.

“Kyak!”

Crash! A yelp of surprise rang out, followed by the sound of someone falling to the floor. Pillows and blankets began flying in every direction, but Eun Yuri’s attentive eyes did not miss the sight of Seo Yuhui turning her body away from the door and Seol Jihu rolling out of bed.

“M-Miss Yuri? What happened? I didn’t know you were coming….”

Seo Yuhui quickly buttoned her shirt and feigned a smile.

Seol Jihu was worse.

“Mm…. So, the Federation is….”

He sat at the edge of the bed, staring down at a piece of paper. Eun Yuri strode across the room and snatched the paper from Seol Jihu’s hand. It was completely blank.

“…”

Eun Yuri’s eyes narrowed. Seol Jihu coughed in embarrassment.

By this time, pretty much everyone knew that Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui’s relationship had made progress. And under normal circumstances, whatever the two did in their free time wouldn’t have been anyone’s business but their own. But they just went too far this time. In Kim Hannah’s opinion, Seol Jihu had reverted to his past self, one where he was a gambling addict.

“I have to do something.”

Looking at the restaurant surrounded by a huge barrier, Kim Hannah arrived at this conclusion.

*

That day too, Seol Jihu and Seo Yuhui were having fun. They were trying out a new game, to be specific. Tired of the usual games, they set out for new stimuli and ultimately settled for horseback riding.

“You’ve been on a Horus before, right? You have to be careful with your legs when you sit.”

Seol Jihu was busy teaching Seo Yuhui how to mount. He clearly had no idea what he was getting himself into.

“You could fall if you position them weirdly…. Yeah, you got it. Now try moving forward like you’d do on a…. Heuk!?”

Seol Jihu’s words were cut short. Seo Yuhui seemed to have taken a liking to horseback riding. She drove her horse without rest, and Seol Jihu gasped and moaned relentlessly under her.

When their game finally ended, Seol Jihu got up from the bed and put on his clothes. The long exercise made Seo Yuhui hungry, and she wanted nothing more than a good bowl of ramen. But because there were no ingredients left, Seol Jihu had to go out to buy some.

Kim Hannah saw this as a perfect opportunity. She hadn’t seen Seol Jihu for days and was glad that he chose to walk out of the restaurant of his own accord. She immediately gathered reinforcements and stopped Seol Jihu on his way back from the grocery store.

“What the…?”

Confronted by Kim Hannah, Phi Sora, Agnes, and Yi Seol-Ah, Seol Jihu seemed puzzled.

“Don’t you think you’ve been a little too negligent, dear?”

Phi Sora was the first to speak.

“Are you aware that your restaurant hasn’t opened for business for days? How are you going to pay rent?”

“Hmm? But that building is mine.”

Seol Jihu replied, pointing at the restaurant.

“…Pardon?”

Phi Sora paused.

“I own the building. I paid double the original price for it. And Eva’s royal family guarantees my land rights, so I don’t really have to worry about money…. Also, I’m rich anyway.

Phi Sora did a double-take. It was just as he said. Seol Jihu was rich beyond measure. His temple storage was probably filled with endless amounts of gold, and the same would be true of Seo Yuhui.

“What about our promise?”

Seeing Phi Sora struggle, Agnes stepped in.

“Promise?”

Seol Jihu tilted his head.

“I believe I’ve kept my word on the location. I never made a promise regarding when I would open the restaurant. And frankly, as the owner, I’m the only one who has the right to decide that.”

Agnes flinched as she realized he was right.

“Idiot! You’re an idiot, Orabeo-nim!”

Even Yi Seol-Ah criticized him, which was rare for her.

“Yeah, I’m an idiot.”

But it didn’t affect Seol Jihu at all.

“An idiot who’s head over heels for Yuhui~”

He laughed, satisfied with his retort.

“You….”

Kim Hannah sighed.

“Do you hear yourself?”

“What?”

“You’re acting like your old self.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes sharpened.

“You’ve become an addict again, and—”

“Bullshit.”

Seol Jihu interrupted Kim Hannah.

“How is Yuhui the same as gambling? Stop talking nonsense.”

“Look at yourself! Look at how tired you are…!”

“Move. I have to go cook ramen for Yuhui.”

He clicked his tongue and tried to walk away, but the four women did not let him.

“I’m sorry, dear.”

Clang! Phi Sora clenched her teeth and drew her long sword out of the sheath.

“We’re not going to let you go until you promise to reopen the restaurant.”

Agnes also spewed strands of silk from her fingertips.

“Get ready!”

Even Yi Seol-Ah summoned Aura and pointed her arrow at him.

Seol Jihu’s expression turned cold.

“…If this is how it’s going to be.”

Whoosh! The Spear of Purity flew into Seol Jihu’s hand.

“Then I have no choice but to take all of you down.”

He pointed the tip of his spear at them.

“Don’t you know that you’re in no condition to fight? Though I respect your confidence, I must say that you’ve become rather dull.”

Agnes clicked her tongue.

“You should know that we’ve overcome many new obstacles since you resigned from the front lines!”

Phi Sora, too, snorted at him.

“The past is the past. I’m sorry, Orabeo-nim, but today I’ll surpass you!”

Yi Seol-Ah chimed in.

“I can’t believe all of you….”

Seol Jihu scoffed with a look of disdain.

“Is this all you’ve learned during your time at Valhalla?”

Suddenly, his eyes glowed with a menacing light.

“All bark and no bite?”

He stamped the ground and shot forward. The Spear of Purity flew through the air at the speed of light. The eyes of the three women widened in unison.

Whoosh!

Lightning struck down. A flash of light brushed past them.

When Kim Hannah opened her eyes again….

“What….”

Seol Jihu was already behind them.

Clatter!

Phi Sora’s grip loosened, and the long sword clattered to the ground. Her eyes trembled slightly.

“No….”

“Way….”

Phi Sora, Agnes, Yi Seol-Ah, and even Kim Hannah fell to their knees one after the other.

Seol Jihu glanced at them over his shoulder before turning around to leave. With a smirk, he ran toward the restaurant, toward the paradise waiting for his return….

The four came to their senses approximately 10 minutes later. They rushed to the restaurant, but by then, everything was already over. Seo Yuhui was happily slurping the ramen that Seol Jihu had cooked for her, while Seol Jihu lay on the floor, resting his head on her lap.

“Hold on right there.”

Phi Sora sputtered. Seol Jihu stopped just as he was about to shove his face under Seo Yuhui’s skirt. A look of annoyance crossed his face.

“Seriously, give me a break. Don’t you know that’s sexual harassment? Can’t you tell that she’s uncomfortable?”

‘She is?’ Seol Jihu tilted his back slightly. Seo Yuhui felt his eyes on her and dropped her gaze. The two briefly stared at each other before Seo Yuhui put her chopsticks down on the table. Then she brought her arms around Seol Jihu and hugged his face.

“It’s okay.”

She rested her cheek on his head and continued.

“My Jihu can do anything he wants.”

Seol Jihu’s face brightened. Anything. I can do anything I want. He muttered to himself inside his head and buried his face in her lap, freed of guilt.

“…I see, so she’s the real problem.”

Phi Sora muttered in disdain as she watched the two.

“Hey, you gotta pull yourself together. You’re spoiling him too much.”

“Pardon? Ah…. But….”

Seo Yuhui seemed slightly embarrassed.

“But he likes it so much… and he gets sad when I stop him. Seeing him like that makes me feel like I’m a bad person….”

She cupped her face with one hand and sighed.

“I don’t understand. They’re just fat! What possibly could be so great about them?”

“I agree. Why does he like them so much?”

Yi Seol-Ah touched her own breasts before suddenly stomping toward Seol Jihu, who looked almost as if he had been drugged with an aphrodisiac.

“Excuse me, Orabeo-nim! Move over!”

“Uaaah?”

She grabbed Seol Jihu by his ankles and pulled him out of the way.

“Please excuse me, Unni!”

“H-Huh?”

Then she jumped into Seo Yuhui’s arms without hesitation.

“Mi-Miss Seol-Ah?”

“Wait a minute. Mmm. I see. I see….”

Yi Seol-Ah’s voice slowly faded away as old memories flooded her mind.

“This is….”

That’s right. When she was just a kid, every time she came home from school, someone always greeted her with a warm smile….

“Mommy….”

Tears welled up in Yi Seol-Ah’s eyes as she slowly sank into slumber.

“…What’s wrong with her?”

With a scoff, Phi Sora pulled Yi Seol-Ah out of the way and hugged Seo Yuhui. She had to see for herself.

“…Ah…!”

Suddenly, an exclamation of surprise escaped Phi Sora’s lips. She felt as if she had returned to that morning when she woke up tired and sluggish, then realized today was Sunday. She pulled up her blanket over her head and snuggled into the warmth of the fluffy quilt…. And now, that same warmth was surrounding her. Phi Sora closed her eyes and fell asleep.

“Are you kidding me?”

Agnes muttered sharply, adjusting her glasses. This isn’t going to work on me. She asserted and pushed Phi Sora away with her foot. And then—she felt it. On that cold winter day in Russia, she came home exhausted. She thawed her body under a hot shower, put on a gown, and emptied a can of beer. Feeling slightly drunk, she slumped into the soft bed and fell asleep….

Agnes went limp.

“M-Mom…. Mom? Huh?”

“What the…. What just happened?”

The trio came to their senses only after Kim Hannah heaved a heavy sigh. Still looking somewhat drowsy from their sleep, they looked around in confusion.

“How embarrassing…!”

“But… it really was great. I can see why Orabeo-nim is so addicted to it.”

“Perhaps, this could even be used as a form of weapon?”

“Damn it! If only we knew this when the Parasites were around…!”

Seo Yuhui smiled bitterly at the three women whispering to each other.

“See? It’s not just me.”

Seol Jihu lifted his chin with a look of triumph.

Kim Hannah shook her head and left the restaurant behind.

*

After leaving the restaurant, Kim Hannah headed straight to the temple and returned to Earth. Then she took out her phone and punched in a number. She had acquired this number back when they were still planning Seol Jihu’s resurrection. In a strange turn of events, Kim Hannah had come to learn the true identity of a certain woman close to Seol Jihu. Of course, the said woman had asked Kim Hannah to keep her identity secret, and even Kim Hannah herself didn’t think she’d ever really use her number. Who would have thought she’d end up calling her for this kind of thing?

“Hello?”

The call connected.

“Yes, hi. Actually, I have something that I want to talk to you about…. Okay. Yes, I’ll meet you there.”

Kim Hannah hung up the phone and returned to Paradise.

The woman was already waiting for her at the place they agreed upon.

“Please help me.”

Kim Hannah cut straight to the chase.

“Jihu… is no longer the Jihu who defeated the Parasite Queen. He’s reverting to his old habits.”

The woman said nothing, only listened with her eyes closed.

“You of all people should know how serious the situation is.”

The woman’s brows furrowed slightly at Kim Hannah’s remark.

“I know you and Jihu have history, but….”

Kim Hannah paused briefly, then continued.

“You’re the only one left who can save Jihu.”

She whispered to the woman, who was still deep in thought, in a voice more earnest than ever.

“Open your eyes….”

The woman dressed in a traditional white robe—Baek Haeju—slowly opened her eyes.





Side Story 6. What Should Have Been Left Alone


On a warm, sunny day, Seo Yuhui stopped by a cafe near a college campus early in the morning. Though she did not have any plans of going out today, something had suddenly come up.

She would have refused and enjoyed a fun time with Seol Jihu, but she couldn’t reject the meeting request due to the special identity of the person calling her. After all, she thought it was something she had to do eventually.

“Welcome.”

Yoo Seonhwa, who was cleaning a table, greeted her with a bright smile.

“Take a seat. Can you wait just a moment?”

Seo Yuhui greeted back with a nod before sitting down at a table. Perhaps because it was early in the morning, the cafe was relatively empty.

Soon, an employee brought out warm tea, and Seo Yuhui looked around the cafe while drinking it.

‘So this is the new place she opened up….’

The decor was spotless and trendy as if it were a direct reflection of Yoo Seonhwa’s personality.

—But if you get mad~

A pop song was playing inside the cafe.

—You will scratch and hurt others~

‘Isn’t this a really old song?’[1]

Seo Yuhui chuckled and subconsciously sang the song in her head.

At that moment…

“Thieving cat~”

—Nero, Nero, Nero~

Yoo Seonhwa walked past the table Seo Yuhui was sitting at.

Seo Yuhui became flustered. Not black cat, but what? Thieving cat?

“Thieving cat~”

—Nero, Nero, Nero~

She had not misheard. Yoo Seonhwa repeated it a second time.

“Lalalalalalalala~”

Seeing the cheerfully humming Yoo Seonhwa, Seo Yuhui’s eyes narrowed. She wasn’t the type to take a one-sided beating. She immediately got up and walked over to the employee.

“Can I request a song?”

“Pardon?”

“Please. There’s a song that I want her… I mean, there’s a song that I want to hear.”

Pressured by Seo Yuhui, the employee nodded her head. Soon, a new song began to play in the cafe.

—You threw him away~

Yoo Seonhwa halted while cleaning a table.

—I comforted him~

When she slowly turned her head, she saw Seo Yuhui sitting in her seat and enjoying the song.

—That’s how I met him and fell in love with him~

Yoo Seonhwa’s head tilted. The smile on her face became thicker. For a moment, a spark of electricity crackled between them.

Tak. Yoo Seonhwa put down the rag, stomped over, and sat down on the opposite side. Seo Yuhui gave a bright smile.

“I thought you were busy.”

“No, I’m almost done.”

Yoo Seonhwa continued to smile as if losing it would mean admitting her loss.

“Also, I figured it would be better to get it over with before customers start flocking in.”

The way she said, get it over with, sounded somewhat menacing. Seo Yuhui shrugged as if she didn’t care.

“My Jihu’s quite cute, isn’t he?”

Yoo Seonhwa asked out of the blue.

“Yes, he’s adorable.”

Seo Yuhui retorted without a change in her expression.

“He’s been looking for me all the time and tries to stay with me always. It’s a worry, really.”

“I know what you mean. It must be affecting your daily lives.”

Yoo Seonhwa replied as if she had experienced it before.

“You just have to make him fall asleep. That’s what I usually did. It will be easy if you feed him until he’s full.”

“Really?”

The corner of Seo Yuhui’s lips curled up.

“I’ve tried feeding him and making him fall asleep, but he still sticks to me…. And whines if I try to move even a meter away.”

Meaning—that was how much Seol Jihu loved her.

Yoo Seonhwa did not bat an eye.

“You must not know.”

In fact, she struck back as if she was waiting for this very moment.

“That means he’s not fast asleep. He’s only sleeping lightly.”

“?”

“When it’s like this, it’s best to cover his eyes with your hand. That will help him fall asleep. Ever since he was young, Jihu’s had a habit of sleeping with his hand covering his eyes. And no, you can’t use an eye mask. It has to be a hand.”

Seo Yuhui sat dazedly at a loss for words.

“He’ll sometimes slap your hand off his eyes. When he does that, it’s best to leave him be for 30 minutes. It means he’s feeling super comfortable and would like to enjoy the feeling for a little longer.”

“....”

“If he doesn’t hit your hand off, he will most likely move his right leg, sweeping the floor like how a dog wags his tail. That’s when you can be relieved. It means, Ah~ I’m so drowsy~ I’m going to fall asleep like this~”

Seo Yuhui looked half-believing, half-distrusting, and also a bit speechless.

Sip. Yoo Seonhwa leisurely drank the tea that her employee brought over. After a brief moment of silence, she spoke up.

“Why don’t you tone it down a little?”

Yoo Seonhwa spoke after putting down the teacup.

“Haven’t you had enough fun?”

“No, not at all.”

Seo Yuhui snorted as if she was saying something absurd.

“I haven’t had enough. In fact, I’m still craving for more. Maybe I’ll be satisfied a hundred years later.”

Meaning—she had no intention of stopping for a century.

“It seems you have a huge misunderstanding about the relationship between Jihu and me….”

Yoo Seonhwa clicked her tongue.

“I’ve never thrown Jihu away.”

“Oh, is that so?”

“Breaking up? Yes, I’ve done that. Dozens of times, in fact. But the important thing is that Jihu always came back to me and that I always accepted him back.”

Yoo Seonhwa then added, “I’m sure it will be no different this time.”

“If you’re that confident…”

Seo Yuhui did not back down either.

“Shouldn’t you be talking to Jihu and not me?”

“Talking to Jihu won’t solve this problem.”

Yoo Seonhwa shook her head.

“I’m just worried that you will get hurt. Do you remember the conversation we had at the hospital?”

Seo Yuhui did remember.

[No one knows Jihu better than me. Jihu might not listen to his parents, but he listens to me.]

[Of course, it’s the same for me. The only man I listen to and the only man who knows me well is Jihu. We’ve grown accustomed to each other with how long we’ve been together.]

[The way we wanted each other to be.]

The corner of Yoo Seonhwa’s mouth curled up. Seeing this smile, Seo Yuhui felt an unknown sense of danger creep over. She felt like Seol Jihu would get stolen if Yoo Seonhwa really tried to have him.

“That’s all. I said what I wanted to say.”

Yoo Seonhwa got up.

“I’ll see you soon.”

*

‘Seol Jihu Ramen?’ was just as loud as always. Several people were lamenting the restaurant’s closed state while Seol Jihu was lying on Seo Yuhui’s lap with the attitude of, You guys bark. I’ll sleep.

Seo Yuhui stared fixedly at Seol Jihu as he wiggled around on her lap. Then, she stealthily put her hand over his eyes.

“Uun….”

A comfortable moan escaped Seol Jihu’s mouth. His right leg went back and forth like a dog’s tail, sweeping the floor. Soon, when Seol Jihu began to breathe deeply, Seo Yuhui’s eyelids trembled faintly.

His reaction had been precisely how Yoo Seonhwa described it.

It was at that moment that Baek Haeju entered the restaurant. When she appeared, the women that were busy criticizing Seol Jihu all turned silent.

Kim Hannah also gazed at Baek Haeju with a look of nervousness. If even Baek Haeju could not solve this problem… then there was nothing else she could do.

Baek Haeju walked lightly and quickly, acting like she came to take what was rightfully hers.

Seo Yuhui embraced Seol Jihu tightly in defiance. Regardless, Baek Haeju stopped in front of the soundly sleeping Seol Jihu.

“Jihu.”

She folded her hands on her belly, bent down a little, and smiled.

“My Jihu, are you sleeping?”

When her gentle voice rang out, Seol Jihu flinched.

“You can’t sleep here. Open your eyes. You’re a good boy, right?”

She was soothing and comforting him. Seol Jihu’s eyelids trembled.

“Open your eyes and come here. Come with me.”

Soon, something mystical happened. Seol Jihu, who refused to budge no matter how many people talked around him, opened his eyes narrowly. As if guided by Baek Haeju’s voice, he slowly raised his head.

“Good. Good boy.”

“Jihu, no.”

Seo Yuhui hurriedly turned Seol Jihu’s head back.

“Stay here. You’ll be with me, right?”

A look of confusion spread across Seol Jihu’s face. With drowsy eyes, he looked back and forth between Seo Yuhui and Baek Haeju.

Baek Haeju snorted.

“My Jihu, you must be hungry.”

Baek Haeju changed her strategy.

“Do you want to go eat with me?”

“....”

“I know a place that has excellent pork galbi and naengmyeon~”

At that moment, Seol Jihu’s eyes shot open. His pupils sparkled as if Baek Haeju had just chanted a magic spell. It was so sudden that even Seo Yuhui was startled.

“Pork galbi and… naengmyeon…?”

“Yep, yep. You know the place too. We haven’t been there for a while.”

“That’s true.”

Seol Jihu gulped and showed signs of getting up.

Seo Yuhui became flustered. She did not know Seol Jihu was so into pork galbi and naengmyeon.

“I, I know a good place too.”

When Seo Yuhui quickly cut in, Seol Jihu’s ears perked up in interest.

Oho! Baek Haeju sneered.

“It won’t be as fun with just the two of us. Why don’t we invite your parents too? It’s been a while since we all went out for a meal.”

Baek Haeju immediately took out a new card.

“I want to see your parents, Jihu. Why don’t I take this opportunity to introduce myself?”

Seo Yuhui also chimed in.

“Hah.”

Baek Haeju chuckled. She lowered her voice and whispered.

“You keep copying what I say…. How unsightly, Miss Yuhui.”

“I’m sure it’s not as unsightly as an ex that can’t forget about the guy she dumped.”

Seo Yuhui also struck back.

Baek Haeju’s eyebrows twitched.

It was then.

“Wait!”

Along with a silvery shout, rose-gold-colored hair cut in between the two women.

“What are you two doing?”

The woman who separated Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui was none other than Teresa.

“We should be asking what brings you here.”

Phi Sora picked at the reason for her presence.

“Me? I came to visit since I had business in Eva.”

“What business?”

“A meeting between Father and Charlotte Aria. It was boring, so I sneaked away~”

Teresa stared at the two women and licked her lips. She had a mischievous expression like a child who found an interesting new toy.

“What kind of a love fight is this? Are you writing a romantic comedy?”

After lightheartedly needling the two, Teresa put her hands on her hips.

“This is perfect. I’ll act as the mediator.”

“What do you mean?”

Phi Sora asked with a look of suspicion.

“There’s a saying—When in Paradise, do as the Paradisians do.”

“So, what are you implying?”

“Simple. Isn’t this a ramen shop?”

Teresa pointed at the floor.

“Jihu is the head chef, and the two of them are sous-chefs who help the head chef.”

“So?”

“So the two of them should have a cooking competition!”

“What?”

“And with a noodle dish too. The loser can back down. How about it?”

Phi Sora doubted her ears and blinked rapidly. Just as she was about to ask what nonsense she was on about…

“Miss Phi Sora, do you love Jihu?”

Teresa suddenly threw a hook.

“What are you talking about? Have you gone insane during the time you’ve been gone?”

“Then, the reason you’re mad is that you can’t eat Jihu’s ramen, right?”

“Y-Yes! That’s exactly it!”

“Then stop complaining and support me.”

Teresa winked.

Phi Sora was taken aback.

“...Why should I do that?”

“Think about it. Jihu has currently lost his passion for ramen.”

Teresa continued.

“But if he sees someone cooking it with all their heart and effort… maybe he will be able to regain his past passion.”

Phi Sora furrowed her brows. She wanted to say something in rebuttal but could not think of anything. Though stupid, it kind of made sense.

“...Argh, fine, do what you want.”

In the end, she gave up and stepped back.

“Good. Do the two of you have any problems with it?”

Teresa looked back at the two women and asked.

Seo Yuhui did not have any plans of accepting the duel, but when Baek Haeju gave her a sidelong glance, she immediately changed her mind. For some reason, Baek Haeju was extremely flustered.

“A, a noodle dish competition?”

On top of that, she showed a strong aversion to the words noodle dish.

“Okay.”

Feeling confident, Seo Yuhui raised her hand in agreement.

“It’s almost time for lunch anyway. I’ll do it.”

Baek Haeju went, “Ah.”

“You can withdraw if you’re not confident, Miss Baek Haeju.”

Hearing this, she gritted her teeth. She was clearly frustrated.

Teresa grinned, almost like everything was going as planned.

“I want to join in.”

That was until Eun Yuri suddenly raised her hand.

“H-Huh?”

“I want to join the competition too.”

“W… Why?”

“You didn’t say I couldn’t, right? And I can’t leave Oppa like this either.”

Eun Yuri announced gallantly.

“If I win, I will be taking Oppa away. He will have to make achievements with me. New achievements between a Warrior and a Magician that will surpass the contributions he made with a certain Priest.”

When Eun Yuri revealed her aspiration, Teresa showed signs of being in a tough spot.

“...I guess it can’t be helped. Hold on.”

She left the ramen shop and then brought a new guest in.

It was Haramark’s king, Prihi Hussey.

“Why did you bring him here?”

“Shh. I have a reason.”

Teresa hushed the questioner.

“I’d like to know as well.”

Prihi chimed in.

“She only told me I should grab lunch here while I was in Eva….”

After looking around the shop, he smacked his lips in discontent.

“It feels like I’ve been brought into a silent battlefield full of bullets and cannonballs.”

As expected of a king, Prihi was very quick-witted.

“Hoho, you’re hilarious, father. Come, take a seat. Hurry.”

Prihi tilted his head and sat down at a table next to Seol Jihu.

And so, a cooking competition administered by Teresa was held. The participants were Baek Haeju, Seo Yuhui, and Eun Yuri. The judges were Seol Jihu and Prihi Hussey.

The three women moved skillfully and focused on cooking. Given that they were making noodles, it didn’t take all that long for the dishes to be done.

Eun Yuri was the first to finish.

“Here. It’s done.”

Teresa took the bowl and flinched. After glancing at Seol Jihu, who was eagerly waiting, she walked over toward Prihi.

“Please have a taste and give your honest opinion.”

If you can, that is. Teresa murmured under her breath.

“My, my, I didn’t expect this from you.”

Prihi chuckled in happiness.

“To think you would take care of your father before your husb….”

However, he could not finish his sentence. It was because he saw the strange creature sitting on the bowl. Dozens of tentacles were stretching out of a sticky, black lump, wiggling left and right. It was like he was looking at a miniature Nest.

“....”

Prihi looked up at Teresa.

Teresa was tying Prihi with a rope.

“My dear daughter, what is the meaning of this?”

“I’m in the process of succeeding the throne, father.”

After successfully restraining Prihi, Teresa dug a fork into the lump and brought it up to his mouth.

“Say ah~”

“You ingrate! I knew I shouldn’t have raised a pink-haired vixen!”

“Ah~”

“Don’t!”

Prihi struggled. However, it proved futile as Teresa shoved the fork into his mouth.

“!”

Prihi jumped into the air. Without exaggerating, he went up two full meters while still tied to the chair.

After dropping to the ground, Prihi convulsed without a sound. He jolted and twitched like a fish that was just hooked up from the ocean.

Eventually, his body went limp. Unless mistaken, a white, soul-like thing could be seen leaving his agape mouth.

[Eeeh? No! Don’t go!]

Flone had to hold him back from ascending to heaven.

“Whew, thank god.”

Teresa was satisfied to know she protected Seol Jihu.

“So, that was your reason….”

Phi Sora shuddered at Teresa’s wickedness. Who would have thought she would even sacrifice her own father?

“Sorry for the interruption, everyone.”

Teresa apologized earnestly before urging the competition to restart. The two remaining women went back to cooking.

The second person to get done was Baek Haeju. Finally, a proper dish came out.

“Oh, this is Hamheung-style naengmyeon?”

Seol Jihu couldn’t hide his awe after seeing the bowl Teresa brought.

“It’s hard to find places that can make proper Hamheung-style naengmyeon…. It’s been a while since I’ve last tried your dish, Haeju.”

Slurp, slurp. Seol Jihu slurped up the noodles once with his chopsticks.

Tak. It was exactly once.

He chewed on the noodles, savoring the flavor, and then put the chopsticks down. He nodded with an expressionless face. He did not make any comments. For some reason, Baek Haeju seemed extremely, extreeeemely relieved.

“Jihu~”

Finally, Seo Yuhui came in with her dish.

“This is Jinju-style naengmyeon. It’s my pride.”

“...Jinju-style naengmyeon?”

“Yep. Why?”

“Jinju-style naengmyeon is…. No, I’ll give it a try first.”

Seo Yuhui looked as if she had already won. Seol Jihu had not touched Baek Haeju’s dish much. However, she was fully confident that he would eat her dish deliciously, just like always.

Of course, this thought was shattered into pieces exactly 10 seconds later.

Just like before, Seol Jihu put down his chopsticks after taking one slurp.

“Thank you for the meal.”

He even gave the finishing words to end the competition.

“So, who’s the winner?”

Teresa put her finger in front of Seol Jihu’s mouth like it was a microphone.

“Well….”

As everyone’s anticipation was reaching a new high…!

“They both tried hard.”

A disappointing reply came back. He spoke as if he didn’t put much meaning or expectation into this competition in the first place.

“Dear, you can’t be like this.”

Phi Sora stepped up again.

“This is a competition. You have to decide on the winner clearly.”

“Pardon?”

“Pardon? Paaaardon? Are you enjoying this situation right now?”

“No, that’s not it.”

“Then hurry up and do it properly. Can’t you see those two? They put so much effort into making their dish. Shouldn’t you at least give them a proper ans...wer?”

The tail end of Phi Sora’s speech went up. It was because she finally discovered Baek Haeju giving intense signals from behind Seol Jihu.

Baek Haeju was shaking her head crazily and waving her hands left and right. She looked too desperate for her to simply think, ‘What’s wrong with her?’

It was then.

“...You’re right.”

Seol Jihu’s voice suddenly sank.

“They put a lot of effort into making these dishes. I should give them a proper answer. That is only right since I am the judge.”

Phi Sora blinked. The atmosphere around Seol Jihu had suddenly changed. He was self-reflecting with a serious face.

“Thank you for reminding me of that. I almost made a mistake.”

Seol Jihu lowered his head.

‘Ah.’

Phi Sora did a double-take. Now that she thought about it, she had seen Seol Jihu like this a few times before. For example, the first night they arrived in Eva….

“I will judge them again.”

Seol Jihu’s voice rang out. He leaned back on his seat and locked his fingers together. Putting on a heavy air, he even crossed his legs.

Staring at the two naengmyeon dishes, his eyes glinted fiercely.

The man sitting in that seat was no longer Seol Jihu.

It was the world-renowned celebrity and the first-rate chef with countless Michelin stars… Seoldon Ramsey.

1. A famous Korean song called Black Cat.





Side Story 7. An Extraordinary Genius


Same time.

On Earth, Seol Jihu’s family was having a meal outside. It was a famous naengmyeon restaurant with 60 years of history and was also the only place in Korea that Seol Jihu acknowledged as having tasty naengmyeon.

“Eating this reminds me of Jihu.”

Seol Wooseok murmured while eating Pyongyang-style naengmyeon after pork galbi.

“Why?”

Seol Jinhee, who was digging into a naengmyeon bowl of her own, raised her head and asked.

“You know, his love for naengmyeon is something else.”

“Something else doesn’t even begin to describe it.”

Seol Jinhee grumbled.

“He’s just way too picky. If he doesn’t like it, all he has to do is not eat it. How can he just spit it back out?”

“That’s why we came up with that standard. If Jihu takes a bite without spitting it back out, then it’s delicious for a normal person. If he does spit it out, we categorize the taste separately by how long it takes him.”

“But Oppa, that’s rude. Don’t you remember how he once spat out his naengmyeon in front of a chef?”

“He didn’t mean for the chef to see it though. Plus, that place was terrible. I thought I was eating porridge, not naengmyeon.”

“Still, telling a chef that he could make better naengmyeon with his eyes closed is rude.”

“It’s true, though. Just take a look at this naengmyeon. Even though Jihu acknowledged its taste, it doesn’t even come close to what Jihu makes.”

Seol Wooseok spoke while chewing on the noodles. Seol Jinhee looked as if she had nothing to say.

“We’ve always known he had a talent for cooking naengmyeon since he was young. When he was five, he saw Mom making naengmyeon, asked her what it was, and then immediately asked if he could try making it too. I still can’t forget the naengmyeon he made that day. It was the best naengmyeon I’ve ever had.”

“True. And thanks to him, our tastes have also gotten stupidly picky.”

Seol Jinhee nodded her head in agreement.

The Seol family’s father, who was quietly nodding his head on the side, let out a cough at his wife’s sharp glare.

Seol Wooseok chuckled at his father and then commented.

“Anyway, that guy’s got no chill when it comes to naengmyeon.”

*

It was just like Seol Wooseok said.

“Eun Yuri!”

An angry shout rang out. At that moment, Eun Yuri subconsciously straightened her back and stood at attention. Her eyes then widened as if she did not know why she acted that way.

Seol Jihu got up from his seat and looked at Eun Yuri’s naengmyeon. His gaze was piercingly cold.

“What the hell is this?”

“Uh….”

“I’m truly curious.”

Seol Jihu pointed at the lump and the tentacles wiggling around in the bowl.

“Why are you making trash with perfectly fine ingredients?”

“Trash? You’re being too harsh. I did my best—”

“You did your best? No, don’t fucking lie.”

Eun Yuri doubted her ears. What did he just say?

“Even if you can’t cook, at worst the food you make won’t taste good. You can’t make an abominable creature like this.”

Seol Jihu snorted.

“Were you trying to use the fact that you were good at magic to cover for your bad cooking skills? Did you think making a unique dish would earn you extra points?”

“!”

“Your cooking skills aren’t actually this bad, but you made something like this on purpose, didn’t you?”

Eun Yuri flinched.

“Look at this.”

Seol Jihu picked up one of the wiggling tentacles.

“Oh?”

As the tentacle tried to break through his skin, he immediately killed it with his anti-evil energy.

“It’s even trying to infest my body. I’d believe it even if you said the Parasite Queen came back!”

Seol Jihu yelled.

Eun Yuri’s face turned pale.

“Listen.”

Seol Jihu held up Eun Yuri’s Nest naengmyeon.

“Don’t fool around with food ever again.”

Then, he threw it in the trash.

Eun Yuri, who was pouting from Seol Jihu’s harsh words...

“Aaaaaang—!”

...plopped down on the floor and burst into tears.

Seol Jihu turned around coldly and called the next person.

“Baek Haeju!”

“Y-Yes!”

Baek Haeju ran up and stood in front of Seol Jihu. She put her hands together and politely straightened her back. She looked like a newbie chef who was standing in front of a legendary chef she admired.

“You’re….”

Before giving his judgment, Seol Jihu took another bite of her naengmyeon, along with a spoonful of soup.

“Mm….”

Seol Jihu smacked his lips as if he wasn’t satisfied.

Gulp. Baek Haeju swallowed audibly.

“Well, I can see that you kept to the recipe and the correct order of ingredient prepping….”

Seol Jihu spoke softly.

“To be honest with you, I’m surprised. Is this really your work?”

“Thank you! Chef!”

Taking his words as a compliment, Baek Haeju’s expression brightened.

“It gave me the chills!”

However, she became sullen again at his immediate sarcastic comment.

“I’m sorry… chef….”

“No, no, don’t be so scared. I was really complimenting you. You might not need to study under me anymore. You could be your own boss at a restaurant.”

“Thank you! Chef!”

“Whether you’ll get any customers is another problem though.”

“I’m sorry… chef….”

“Tsk, tsk. Trying to keep to the recipe and actually doing it are two completely different things. But I’ll give you 50 points. Work harder.”

“5-50 points? Thank you! Chef!”

“Ah, for the record, that’s out of 1 trillion points.”

Meaning—she scored 0.00000000005 points out of 100.

Baek Haeju lowered her head at the shocking criticism. She backed off with a look of embarrassment. As she did, a silent teardrop fell from her face.

Seol Jihu snorted and looked at the last participant.

“Seo Yuhui.”

Seo Yuhui flinched at the casual way he called her. The current Seol Jihu was completely different from his usual self.

“What was that? Jinju-style naengmyeon?”

“H-Hmm?”

“Jinnnjuuuu-sttyyyyle naeeengmyeeooooon???”

Seo Yuhui staggered back.

“Iya~ You’re real amazing, aren’t you? As far as I know, Jinju-style naengmyeon disappeared from Korea after the great central market fire in 1966. Is it being restored today?”

“I-Is that what happened? I just…”

“No? Then how can you dare to call this Jinju-style naengmyeon?”

“No, I….”

“Ah, you can, of course. Then like me, you must have gone down to Jinju and asked the grandmas and grandpas there, visited the Jinju municipal building to try to restore the traditional dish, and made an effort to research and revive the flavor and style, right?”

“....”

“You can’t possibly be calling it Jinju-style naengmyeon after trying a bowl or two at a couple of restaurants in Jinju, right?”

Seo Yuhui’s lips trembled. She was tearing up before anyone noticed.

“It’s fine. To be honest, I didn’t expect you to have gone that far.”

Seol Jihu clicked his tongue and pulled up a noodle string.

“But look at this undercooked noodle. How can you cook with a frozen product without thawing it first?”

“Because I know you like firm noodles….”

“Do you think ramen and naengmyeon are the same?”

Seol Jihu shoved his face in front of Seo Yuhui’s. He then shook the noodle he fished up in front of her.

“Can you hear that? This frozen noodle wasn’t thawed properly, and now it’s singing. Let it go~ Let it gooooo~!”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes turned red. She put her hands on her face, not having expected Seol Jihu to speak so harshly.

“Huaaaanng.”

In the end, Seo Yuhui also cried.

Seol Jihu had made all three women break out into tears.

“I think it’s good though….”

Teresa murmured meekly while chewing on Seo Yuhui’s Jinju-style naengmyeon. She had not expected the competition to turn out this way either.

“A-Aren’t you being a little too harsh?”

Phi Sora was the same.

“You could have just picked one as the best….”

It was true that she wanted a proper evaluation, but it wasn’t to this extent.

“They both taste bad.”

Seol Jihu spoke apathetically.

“I was going to gloss over it at first, but you’re the one who wanted me to give a proper evaluation. They both don’t taste good. Do you want me to lie and say they do?”

He completely ignored Eun Yuri’s dish as if he didn’t even consider it food.

“That’s not the point. This whole competition was for you to…”

“Ah, I understand, of course.”

Phi Sora tried to explain in frustration, but Seol Jihu cut her off.

“You might be thinking, Why are you so damn picky? Are you saying you can make a better dish?”

“No, listen—”

“Hold on just a moment.”

Seol Jihu went into the kitchen without listening to Phi Sora. He rolled up his sleeves and picked up the Spear of Purity. Then, he began cooking.

“Hamheung-style naengmyeon is one of the three captains of naengmyeon along with Pyongyang-style and Jinju-style naengmyeon. Koreans commonly call it bibim naengmyeon.”

The room turned silent once Seol Jihu started cooking. The three women also stopped crying and observed the kitchen.

“Jinju-style naengmyeon is like I described before. As it is now, there is no authentic Jinju-style naengmyeon in Korea. Many have tried to replicate it, but the one that exists in Korea is now a modernized version.”

What happened next was hard to believe. No one could take their eyes off Seol Jihu. His movements were precise and meticulous as if he was a machine, and the ingredients that passed by his hands emitted a silvery light.

“Done.”

Soon, Seol Jihu brought out two bowls of naengmyeon. Before he put them down on the table, he scooped up a spoonful of soup and poured it into Prihi’s mouth.

Prihi’s throat drew a gulp before his nostrils palpitated.

[Ehh? His soul is going back in!?]

Flone exclaimed in shock.

“Eu….”

Prihi slowly opened his eyes.

“Strange…. I thought I was crossing a gloomy river….”

Prihi tilted his head, describing a strange dream he had.

“The ferryman rowing the boat suddenly drooled and sent me off to eat some naengmyeon, asking me to describe the taste when I came back in the future….”

[No way! Cooking that can resurrect the dead…!?]

Flone was dumbfounded and in disbelief.

It was only then that Seol Jihu put the two bowls down and gestured at the others to eat.

“Hic….”

Eun Yuri wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and then grabbed a pair of chopsticks. Slurp. She took a mouthful of Seol Jihu’s Hamheung-style naengmyeon. Then, her eyes shot open.

“Ah…!”

She exclaimed. At the same time, Eun Yuri’s back bent like a bow. No, it wasn’t just her back.

“I’m a noodle~ A noodle~”

Like a noodle, her entire body went limp and wriggled. She had reached the realm of One With the Noodle just by taking a single bite.

“DELICIOUS!”

Teresa wasn’t in her right mind either.

“I get it now! This dish is a billion times better than the one Miss Big-Titty Lust made!”

It was so good that she blurted out what she really thought about Seo Yuhui.

“What’s wrong with you guys?”

Half in doubt, Phi Sora grabbed a pair of chopsticks and slurped up the Hamheung-style naengmyeon.

“Heeeeeeut!”

She let out a moan as her back also bent like a bow. A great wave rose inside her mouth, a wave of extremely spicy flavor. She even saw herself at sea, facing a huge tsunami of noodles.

How much time went by?

When Phi Sora snapped out of her daze, she was met with a strange scene. Teresa had disappeared with Prihi, and Eun Yuri was still wriggling around like a noodle.

As for Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui, they were standing inside the kitchen, putting water into their pots under the strict supervision of Seol Jihu.

“Again.”

Every time they poured water into the pot, Seol Jihu yelled angrily.

“Again!”

The two poor women repeated pouring water in and out of their pots.

“W-What are you doing?”

“Teaching them the basics.”

Seol Jihu replied clearly.

“I came to a realization thanks to you, Miss Phi Sora. To think I’ve been entrusting these two with a part of my noodle dish. I’m ashamed.”

Seol Jihu sighed deeply.

“This isn’t good. I have to start over from the beginning.”

Phi Sora was dumbstruck. He was doing this all because of what she said? As Phi Sora hated causing trouble to others, she was frightened out of her mind.

“Wait! Who cares if the amount of water is a tiny bit off?”

“Absolutely not.”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“Water is the beginning and life of a noodle dish. The precision impacts the flavor of the noodles greatly.”

No one knew better about ramen than its creator. As such, Seol Jihu’s principle was to keep to the precise amount written on the packaging, which was usually 550mL.

“Aren’t they doing well though?”

Phi Sora raised an objection. She said so after observing Baek Haeju measure her water carefully in a measuring cup.

“It might look precise at a glance….”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“But this is 550.024mL. Again!”

Baek Haeju poured out the water in tears.

Phi Sora dropped her jaw dumbfoundedly.

“Hey, aren’t you being too harsh?”

“No. I cannot allow even a 0.01mL difference.”

“W-What?”

“If they think I’m harsh, they can just pack up their bags and leave.”

Seol Jihu spoke coldly.

Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui shook their heads as if that wasn’t what they wanted.

“To stand next to me in the kitchen, they need to know at least how to measure water correctly. Otherwise, I cannot allow them to work here.”

“Are you for real?”

“Stop. You can leave now, Miss Phi Sora.”

Seol Jihu shooed Phi Sora away as if to swat away a fly.

“This is my territory. I’m already tired from showing what true naengmyeon is.”

“Oi, oi.”

Phi Sora got angry.

“It’s not even 24mL, but 0.024mL. How can any normal person tell the difference?”

“It’s hard to do with the naked eye. But a true master can sense it with their intuition.”

“Bullshit.”

“Miss Phi Sora.”

Seol Jihu sighed again.

“You’ve been picking a fight with me since a while ago….”

“I wouldn’t if you were saying something believable!”

Seol Jihu glanced at the fuming Phi Sora with cold eyes.

“What if I’m right?”

“Hah!”

Phi Sora burst into laughter. Then, she suddenly turned serious.

“What if you’re wrong?”

“What if I’m right?”

“What if you’re wrong!?”

Phi Sora shouted in defiance.

“...Then, I’ll do as you want.”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“Fine. If you’re wrong, get on your knees and apologize for acting so out of line. You also have to call me Noona from now on and act carefully around me. Got that, Jihu Dongsaeng?”[1]

Phi Sora spoke kindly as if she already became his noona. She seemed confident in winning.

“Fine. If I’m right, you will have to call me Oppa from now on, and smile and act cute at all times.”

“Fine, fine~ Do as you want. I’ll call you Oppa and act cute all you want!”

At that moment, Seo Yuhui poured water into her pot.

Seol Jihu glanced at the pot before speaking.

“550.016mL.”

“Uh-huh.”

“Yuhui, hand me the pot.”

After taking the pot and giving it to Phi Sora, Seol Jihu left the restaurant. They immediately returned to Earth, met up at a shopping district, bought the most precise electronic scale, and measured the water promptly.

It was 550.016mL without even the slightest margin of error.

Phi Sora’s jaw dropped.

“See? I was right.”

Seol Jihu did not boast. He spoke as if it was the most natural thing and then swept his hand over the pot. A tiny droplet of water flew out, changing the measure on the scale to 550.000mL exactly.

Phi Sora stood frozen like a stone statue. Her brain could not accept it, but she had nothing to say since her eyes had seen it.

“I’ll watch your cute acts later.”

Seol Jihu went back first, saying he would be busy with training for a while.

Whish.

A cold wind blew.

“....”

Phi Sora did not move at all. She stared at the electronic scale and the pot and stood still for a long time.

Meanwhile, Kim Hannah, who was watching this entire process, closed her eyes.

‘This guy….’

Who would have thought something like this would happen when she asked Baek Haeju to come?

Still, she did achieve something. And that was confirming that Seol Jihu was an uncontrollable madman that could spring out at any moment.

Kim Hannah dropped her head.

“Haaaaa….”

*

On the other hand, Phi Sora returned to Paradise after finally coming to her senses.

“This.”

As soon as she came back, she stomped through the temple.

“Does. Not. Make. Sense.”

As a statue came into her view, her steps hastened.

“Hello!?”

Phi Sora shouted.

[What is it!?]

A high-pitched voice shouted inside Phi Sora’s head.

“I came to ask you something!?”

[You have a question for me?]

The God of Wrath, Ira, read Phi Sora’s mind.

[Hmm….]

She then let out a soft groan.

[Indeed… it must be hard to believe from a human’s perspective. After all, his cooking has surpassed the Divine Beginning level long ago.”

“You mean… it’s at the level of godhood?”

[That’s right. You know the restaurant he owns, right? It’s becoming one of the hottest restaurants in the universe. There are gods from other dimensions coming to try his food now.]

Phi Sora furrowed her brows. There was no reason for Ira to lie, but she still couldn’t believe what she was hearing.

[It’s true. Recently, when Lord Astraios, the Heaven-rank 8 god and the Father of All Stars, came to visit his shop, we were all shocked. He and the others were nowhere to be found when this planet was in danger, yet…! Hah!]

Ira chuckled.

“What…. How can that be, though?”

Phi Sora still couldn’t believe it.

“I know I’m only human, but he’s also just a human.”

[He’s special when it comes to that field.]

“Don’t beat around the bush. Just say it clearly!”

Phi Sora complained.

[Mmm…. But giving away personal information isn’t something I should do….]

“Since when did you care about that stuff? It’s only about cooking anyway. It doesn’t even show up in our status windows!”

[Well, I guess that’s true.]

“Then, can’t you tell me? I’ll even offer up all the contribution points I have left! I’m going to die of frustration if I don’t find out!”

[Hmm! Will you? If it’s just a little… I can limit it to his cooking as you said….]

Ira let out a cough.

Soon, a string of messages popped up in front of Phi Sora.

After reading the messages, Phi Sora blinked crazily.

[Seol Jihu’s Status Window]

[1. General Information]

Class: Lv 88. Artisan of Infinity

Alias: Tasty AF, Universe’s Planet Cultural Heritage #778,712, Incredible For a Human!

[2. Traits]

2. Aptitude

—Noodle (Noodle itself)

—An Extraordinary Genius (A rare talent in all of the universe)

—Absolute Palate (Can replicate any dish that has been tasted with 100% accuracy)

—Arranging (The ability to improve any dish that has been tasted)

…

[3. Physical Level]

Tenacity: Heaven-rank 8

Taste: Heaven-rank 8

Dexterity: Heaven-rank 8

Passion: Heaven-rank 8

Skill: Heaven-rank 8

Creativity: Heaven-rank 8

[5. Level of Cognition]

Master Artisan (Internalized mindset from being well-versed in a field or technique) / Disappointed / Cold-blooded (Knows no mercy when it comes to noodle dish)

1. Dongsaeng means little brother.





Side Story 8. Gabriel’s Request


The Federation remained a unified organization even after the Parasites perished. The wounds left by the prolonged war were too deep for anyone to return to normal life immediately. The heads of all races agreed that it would be mutually beneficial to all of them if they supported each other, both financially and emotionally, until all groups could function independently of each other again. This was how the Half Century Treaty came to be.

A considerable amount of time had passed since then. Not everything was perfect yet, but at least the most urgent fires had been put out. Now, it was time to wait until visible changes emerged.

It was around this time that a meeting took place in the capital of the Federation. The attendees of this meeting were the Four Archangels.

“The time has come.”

Mikael was the first to speak.

“The Parasites have met their end, and Paradise is flourishing again.”

A blue-haired angel sitting next to Mikael propped her chin on her palm and nodded in agreement.

“Strictly speaking, we too are aliens to the people of this planet. And now that everything is on track for recovery….”

It was Mikael’s opinion that Paradise no longer needed them.

“I know.”

Gabriel, who had been listening in silence, replied with a look of boredom.

“They have defeated their greatest enemy, but another alien species still remains on their planet. Fearing that the Fallen Angels would turn on them, the natives might begin hunting us down…. Had I seen any indication of that happening, I would have taken action a long time ago.”

Gabriel continued flatly.

“The problem is….”

Suddenly, her voice trailed off.

“Our work here is finished. But we can’t leave simply because we want to.”

“…”

“I understand how others feel. For us, salvation means more than just going back home.”

The wings of the black-haired angel sitting opposite Gabriel trembled.

“The Martial God promised us. If we pay for our sins—”

“Mikael. A promise means nothing when it is between the Martial God and us. Only fools would believe in it.”

Mikael shut her mouth. She knew that the Martial God was more than capable of changing his mind just to spite them. He’d say, “Oh, come to think of it, you guys lied to me, too, right?” And with that, all their efforts would be in vain.

“You know he’s deceitful. Remember how the Martial God stole the secret awakening class from us using the hidden library he found in Atlanta? Ah… I still get angry just thinking about it.”

Gabriel covered her face with her hands.

“Anyway, my point is that we can’t contact the Martial God first.”

Waiting was all they were allowed to do.

“So, we’re presented with two choices here. We can either stay on this planet and wait for the Martial God to reach out to us….”

Gabriel smacked her lips.

“Or we can remind him of the promise he made to us because it’s possible he’s forgotten about it.”

“The latter definitely sounds more compelling. But… how will we do that?”

“We can’t, but there are plenty of humans in Paradise who can visit Earth. We’ll have to ask one of them for a favor.”

“Who…?”

“Who do you think?”

Mikael let out a soft groan.

“I don’t think he’d refuse, but… will he be able to pull it off?”

“He even obliterated a god of Heaven Rank 7.5. Let’s have faith in him… is what I’d like to say, but….”

Gabriel smiled bitterly.

“This time, he’s only a messenger. Don’t forget that the Martial God has the final say.”

Mikael dropped her head with a look of worry.

“Anyway, so you all agree that rather than living in resignation, we should at least try something?”

“Yes.”

“I understand.”

Gabriel nodded.

“Contact Eva.”

Then she stood up from her chair.

“I’ll go ask him myself.”

*

A few days later, Gabriel arrived in Eva around sunset. A ‘Temporarily Closed’ sign was still hanging on the door of Seol Jihu’s restaurant. Opening the front door, Gabriel heard talking and footsteps inside. Then, all of a sudden, she came face to face with an inexplicable and utterly disastrous sight.

“Again!”

Under Seol Jihu’s command, Baek Haeju was repeating the process of filling a pot with water and throwing it out, again and again, sweat pouring down her face.

Seo Yuhui had already passed out on the floor.

“…”

What’s going on? Gabriel stood dazed and confused until her eyes met Seol Jihu’s. Those eyes, shining intensely like the eyes of a hawk, slowly returned to normal as they registered the silver-haired angel’s presence.

“Gabriel-nim?”

“Ah.”

“What brings you here?”

“Did you not get my message?”

“Administrator Sorg Kühne told me you were going to visit…. I just didn't know it would be this soon.”

“Yes, actually, I left right after I sent the message. By the way….”

Gabriel looked at Seo Yuhui, lying unconscious on the floor, then at Baek Haeju, who was sobbing with her mouth covered.

“Um…. Should I come back at a later time?”

“No, no, you’re fine.”

Seol Jihu loosened his arms and turned his eyes back to the two women. He was clearly dissatisfied but was willing to overlook their lack of performance for the sake of his guest.

“Let’s end a little early today. Come back tomorrow prepared.”

“T-Thank you!”

Baek Haeju immediately picked Seo Yuhui up from the floor. As she rushed out the door, she gave Gabriel a look of sincere gratitude.

“I have no idea what’s going on, but….”

Gabriel stepped inside, shaking her head.

“Looking at you, Valhalla’s ex-representative, it seems the rumors were true.”

She smiled, looking at Seol Jihu from head to toe, who was dressed in a chef’s coat.

Seol Jihu, too, smiled back.

“Did you have dinner yet? How about a bowl of ramen?”

“No.”

Seol Jihu’s smile suddenly halted before turning into a bitter expression. She offered no excuse and just declined outright. Her voice sounded strangely resolute.

“Forgive me, but I can’t have any ramen you’ve made.”

“W-Why not?”

“Though limited in power, I, too, can see the future. One might say that my senses have risen to the level of foresight.”

Gabriel continued.

“And for some reason, I get the sense that the moment I eat your ramen, I will dearly wish to remain on this planet and voluntarily become your slave. Now, I can’t have that happen, can I? The entire race of Fallen Angels longs for the day we return to the Celestial Realm.”

Gabriel said all this in one breath.

Still somewhat baffled by her reaction, Seol Jihu nodded nonetheless.

‘The Celestial Realm….’

He got a sense of why Gabriel came all the way here to meet him.

Soon, the two of them sat facing each other at a table. They exchanged some small talk until finally, Gabriel brought up the real reason for her visit.

“I want to ask you a question first.”

“Please, go ahead.”

“How do we look to you?”

Seol Jihu tilted his head to the side.

“What do you think of us?”

Gabriel asked again.

Seol Jihu replied after a short pause.

“If you’re talking about the Fallen Angels in general… Before, I thought of you guys as a race that helped prolong the life of this planet. Now, I think of you as my saviors and comrades who have fought alongside me through the long war.”

“…Yeah?”

Even though his answer might just be a formality, Gabriel still seemed relieved.

“If you really think so, then I have a favor to ask of you as your savior and comrade.”

She began.

“It’s important to note here that you have nothing to do with this.”

Seol Jihu stared at Gabriel, who seemed a little nervous.

“When we were discussing the Half Century Treaty… you supported me all the way through, Gabriel-nim.”

After a moment of silence, Seol Jihu spoke carefully.

“The Fallen Angels made a significant contribution to our victory, yet refused to receive anything in return for it.”

“And we’ve lived quietly since then.”

Gabriel remarked.

“You’re right. It’s as you expected.”

She gave a faint smile.

“We’re planning to leave Paradise. Actually, it’d be more accurate to say that we want to leave Paradise.”

Paradise without the Fallen Angels…. Seol Jihu’s finger tapped on the table. Suddenly he remembered the conversation he had with Gabriel after the Tigol Fortress War.

[The Martial God invaded the Celestial Realm. Using infernal flames and the infernal army, he destroyed everything and captured all angels.]

[And then the Martial God threw all the angels he captured into the Infernal Realm.]

[What could we have done? We became slaves to the demons whom we despised so much….]

[…Until one day when we were given a chance.]

[The Martial God robbed us of all our Authorities and power and then mentioned Paradise. He told us that the Parasite Queen was disturbing the peace of this planet and ordered us to take care of her.]

[He probably just wanted us to suffer the same pain he did.]

A man who had been living a perfectly normal life on Earth until suddenly being summoned to an unfamiliar world and then forced to fight the demons as a proxy for the angels against his will. All the while, the anger and resentment in his heart kept escalating by the day….

“Could it be….”

It was then that a name crossed Seol Jihu’s mind.

“Is this about the Martial God?”

Gabriel lifted a corner of her mouth.

“I’m glad you’re quick to catch on.”

*

Their conversation lasted longer than he thought it would. By the time Gabriel left, the sun had already set.

‘It’s late….’

What should I do? Seol Jihu hesitated before finally getting up. He knew it was likely that Kim Hannah had already gone to bed. She was known for her obsession with schedules, which she meticulously divided into seconds—but figured he would visit anyway, because today, Gabriel seemed unusually desperate.

The lights had already been turned off in the Valhalla building, and the whole place was quiet. Seol Jihu carefully stepped inside, trying his best to conceal his presence, much like a secret service agent.

Fortunately for him, the lights in Kim Hannah’s room were still on. He peeked inside through the crack in the door and saw Kim Hannah lying on her stomach. She was busy jotting something down in her notebook. He seemed to have arrived at just the right time, which was moments before she fell asleep.

Seol Jihu tiptoed into the room….

“Mm….”

Then he jumped onto the bed and laid his head on Kim Hannah’s butt.

“Uhm!”

There was no loud scream, but he could hear the surprise in her voice. Kim Hannah hurriedly turned her head back, and Seol Jihu felt her glare piercing through the top of his head.

“…Hey.”

He heard the suppressed irritation in Kim Hannah’s voice.

“What do you think you’re doing?”

Seol Jihu closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep.

“Move your head before I count to three. One, two, three.”

“I came over for a chat.”

Seol Jihu straightened his posture right away.

One of Kim Hannah’s eyebrows lifted a fraction.

“A chat?”

“Yeah. You know how Gabriel-nim stopped by today, right?”

“Ah.”

A light flickered in Kim Hannah’s eyes.

“She left already? What did you two talk about?”

She closed her notebook and sat up in her bed. Her eyes gleamed with anticipation that she might obtain rare information.

“This could take a while….”

“That’s okay. Ah, give me a second.”

Kim Hannah threw a blanket at Seol Jihu while simultaneously taking off her pajamas. By the time the blanket fell to the floor, she was already dressed in a gray suit with her hair neatly tied back in a ponytail.

Her transformation never ceased to amaze Seol Jihu.

“Why did you change all of a sudden?”

“You said that it would take a while.”

“That doesn’t mean you can’t be in your pajamas.”

“That look on your face. It tells me that whatever you’re about to say isn’t exactly a bedtime story.”

Kim Hannah pulled up her dark-colored stockings, asserting that a serious story demands a serious attitude from the listener.

“Come on. Let’s go down to the office.”

She motioned at the door with her chin.

“Sit over there.”

Once they arrived at the office, Kim Hannah pointed to her desk. Seol Jihu, who was just about to settle down on the guest couch, walked awkwardly toward his old desk. Once seated in the chair, he could not help smiling. This office was just as he remembered it. He thought Kim Hannah would have changed it to suit her taste, but surprisingly everything was the same.

“So what is it that you want to talk to me about?”

Looking up at Kim Hannah standing in front of his desk, memories began to fill his heart.

“Gabriel-nim asked me a favor.”

Seol Jihu paused and let out a sigh.

“A favor?”

“Yeah. She asked me to team up with the Fallen Angels and invade Paradise—”

“Cut the bullshit.”

Kim Hannah’s face warped into a frown.

“What is wrong with you?”

She placed her hand on her waist and criticized.

“You said this was important. You even woke me up in the middle of the night! Can’t you try to be a little more serious?”

“…Sorry.”

Seol Jihu gave an embarrassed cough.

“The truth is….”

He finally got to the point.

After his explanation came to an end….

“In short….”

Kim Hannah seemed baffled.

“You want me to look for a man?”

“Yeah.”

“In South Korea, which boasts a population of more than 51 million, with no lead to go on except for a name?”

“I also have his brother’s name. And his wife’s name.”

“…I guess that’s better than nothing.”

Seol Jihu quickly added, bringing Kim Hannah’s temper down a notch.

“But… what happened?”

“What do you mean?”

“Why are the Fallen Angels looking for an ordinary human who has nothing to do with Paradise? What’s their relationship to him?”

“He might not be ordinary.”

Seol Jihu answered calmly.

“I don’t know what exactly happened between them. And… the Fallen Angels are technically aliens too, you know.”

“That’s true, but….”

“There may be more worlds out there like Paradise that we just don’t know about.”

“Hmm….”

Kim Hannah was still doubtful, but she could see that Seol Jihu wasn’t joking. She pulled her gaze away from him and shook her head. She couldn’t outright deny the possibility of another world, for she herself was an Earthling. But it was still difficult for her to accept right away.

“Okay… fine. It’s not like I’m losing anything, so I’ll give it a shot.”

Kim Hannah opened her notebook.

“If what you’re saying is true, this could be an opportunity for me as well.”

Two Earthlings who can travel between two different worlds. There would be a lot she could gain from their meeting.

“So.”

Kim Hannah clicked her pen and prepared to write.

“What’s his name again?”

Seol Jihu replied.

“Kim Soohyun.”

“That’s a common name. And his brother’s name?”

“Kim Yoohyun.”

“Okay. And his wife?”

“Let’s see. Goh Yeonju, Nam Da-Eun, Yoo Hyun-Ah, Yi Yoojung, Im Hannah, Jung Hayeon, Jegal Haesol, Cha Sorim, Han Soyoung, Kim Han….”

Folding his fingers as he spoke, Seol Jihu suddenly felt a gaze on him and raised his head.

Kim Hannah was glaring at him.

Seol Jihu quickly waved his hand.

“This is all true! I’m not kidding!”





Side Story 9. Shadow


There was a saying, curiosity killed the cat. It meant you could get yourself in trouble by being too inquisitive about other people’s affairs. It was also Kim Hannah’s motto when she was doing investigative work. After all, the deeper one dug into something, the more dirt they would find.

However, this time was an exception.

‘Goh Yeonju, Jung Hayeon, Jegal Haesol, Han Soyoung….’

The corners of Kim Hannah’s lips curved as she read the list of names Seol Jihu gave.

It was quite interesting. Even while being in prominent positions such as the CEO or chairman of famous businesses, universities, and research laboratories, these women were having a secret relationship with a man—the same one, to boot.

Of course, Kim Hannah knew her place and had no intention of leaking this information to the public. She was just curious about their relationship.

After all…

‘...Kim Hanbyul.’

Her cousin’s name was also included in the list.

It wasn’t too difficult to find the home of famous people. One could simply look up their information on the internet. However, such easily found information was hard to trust and sometimes downright false.

“Oho.”

But Kim Hannah wasn’t the type to rely on such simple methods. With a grin, she took out her cellphone.

*

Meow Entertainment. It was the company Valhalla hired to help its members go back and forth between Paradise and Earth with ease. With the management having undergone Kim Hannah’s review, the way the company functioned was similar to Sinyoung. There were even security guards in the company building both day and night so as to look like a real company.

Late at night, Kim Hannah entered the company building, humming. Soon, a computer screen lit up in the otherwise dark office room.

“Alright, let’s see now…. Hmm?”

As Kim Hannah sat down on the chair after plugging in a flash drive, she felt her coat pocket vibrate. When she took out her cell phone, she saw the name ‘Kim Hanbyul’ on it.

“What’s she calling me for…? Hello?”

—What are you doing, Unni?

A sharp voice rang out as soon as she picked up the call.

“Hmm? What do you mean?”

—What have you been up to lately?

She even sounded a little angry.

“What am I doing? I’m getting ready to leave work.”

Kim Hannah was a little surprised but replied nonchalantly.

—...Unni.

A low voice rang out.

—Are you trying to pull something because the matter from last time didn’t go so well?

“What? Are you crazy? Why would I involve myself with that person?”

Kim Hannah jumped.

“I told you, I’m getting ready to leave work. What are you on about so late at night?”

—….

A heavy silence flowed out from the phone from the other end.

—...Don’t go too far.

“What?”

—I don’t know why you’re doing this if that’s not it but don’t put your nose where it doesn’t belong. Do you know how many people are bothered by you right now?

Kim Hannah’s eyes narrowed. Kim Hanbyul was being rather direct, almost as if she knew what she was up to.

“Because of me? Why? I can’t understand what you’re saying!”

—I warned you.

Going beyond Kim Hanbyul’s usual coldness, Kim Hannah could even feel a hint of menace. It was as if she was being served a stern warning.

Kim Hannah drew a small breath.

“Hanbyul, I’m hanging up.”

Tk. The call ended. Kim Hannah stared at the phone with a dumbstruck face.

“...Damned girl.”

Kim Hannah gritted her teeth.

“What was that? Don’t go too far?”

She threw the phone on the desk and grabbed the mouse.

“It looks like you’re mistaken here.”

Murmuring to herself, she moved the mouse. Click, click, click. The clicking of the mouse rang out.

“I’m only—”

Then, as she opened the USB drive folder and tried to open a file…

“?”

Kim Hannah abruptly turned her head.

It was because she felt an intense gaze fixed on her.

However, there wasn’t anyone else inside the dark office.

“....”

Her breaths sounded louder than usual. Kim Hannah closed and opened her eyes twice before slowly getting up.

Clack, clack, clack. She walked toward the door and looked out into the moonlit hallway. As she thought, there was nothing of note.

At that moment, Kim Hannah frowned. Unless she was mistaken… her shadow, which was reflected by the moonlight, twitched.

Kim Hannah’s expression was exceedingly tranquil. Her following action was also nothing out of the ordinary.

She turned on the lights and went back to her seat.

The problem was… Tak! The lights she just turned on turned off again.

At the same time, her computer screen flickered off.

In an instant, total darkness enveloped the office.

Kim Hannah’s breath stopped.

“...Is there a power outage?”

After sitting still for a moment…

“Damn it, not a good day, huh.”

Kim Hannah stood back up.

She pulled out the flash drive with slight hesitation. Then, when she threw it back into her coat pocket, it hit the ground, seemingly having missed the mark.

The sound of the flash drive hitting the ground rang out. Kim Hannah pulled her handbag over her shoulder, pretending to not have heard the sound. Then, she stealthily took out a small paper from her pocket.

It was then.

“!”

Kim Hannah’s eyes shot open. Her face stiffened. It wasn’t that she saw something. In fact, she did not even feel anything. She only noticed that she could not move her hands and feet.

They weren’t frozen because of mental pressure but had actually stopped moving, almost as if something was holding them in place. There was only one thing that was certain in this situation.

“Funny.”

Hohoho. A soft giggle rang out abruptly. Crack. Along with the sound of the flash drive being crushed, the paper slip in Kim Hannah’s hand was stolen.

Kim Hannah shut her eyes. Just as she thought, someone had been watching her.

“That was a nice show.”

“...Who are you?”

“Hmm, do you want to take a guess~?”

The voice giggled playfully.

Kim Hannah let out the breath she had been holding in and then took another deep breath. Like the saying went, keeping calm was the first step to escaping from a tiger’s den unscathed.

However….

“If it were me, I would have dropped the flash drive toward the soft seat of the chair.”

“....”

“It doesn’t make much sense to pretend you didn’t hear the sound when it hit the ground so hard, right?”

Kim Hannah began to panic as she realized she got herself into a more frightening place than a tiger’s den.

Ssss. Her back tickled. Kim Hannah shuddered. However, knowing that her life was at risk, she mustered up her courage and eked out some words.

“Why don’t you stop here?”

“Oh? And what if I don’t?”

An intrigued voice flowed out.

Kim Hannah clenched her teeth.

“Keep at it if you want to see. I won’t stop you.”

“Why, are you going to scream?”

“I don’t see why I wouldn’t. Why? Do you want me to?”

“Sure. Try it.”

“What?”

“Try screaming. Or are you too scared to do that?”

The voice laughed.

“Do you want me to do it for you? Help!! Somebody help!!”

The voice yelled before Kim Hannah had a chance to reply. The screaming voice echoed out into the hallway.

However, the building was dead silent. Kim Hannah did not even hear the sound of anyone running over. She became dazed.

“Nothing happened.”

The voice laughed.

Kim Hannah’s pupils shook strongly.

“W-Who are you?”

Then, the laughter stopped.

“Just how did you—!”

“Quiet.”

Kim Hannah shut her mouth unwittingly.

“You should know you’re not in any position to be asking questions.”

A languid voice mixed with a nasal twang whispered into her ear.

“I’m going to ask you just one question. All you have to do is answer it truthfully. Got that?”

“What question?”

“Why are you investigating us? For what reason?”

“Investigating you? I don’t know what you’re talking ab—”

Kwang!

A loud noise rang out in the office. The desk shook strongly.

“Kak…!”

A painful groan escaped Kim Hannah’s lips. Her face had been thrown onto the table in an instant.

“I was being nice since you looked like a smart person. If you’re going to be like this, my old personality is going to come out.”

“Euk!”

“If you were going to investigate us, then you should have done it more openly. Then I might have thought it was just another paparazzi desperate for a story or an immature fan.”

“Eeeeeuk!”

“But you were secretive to the point it even missed me. How could I not look into it then?”

Kim Hannah struggled to escape. However, she was shackled down by something invisible.

“A wily fox shaking her tail as if to taunt us~ How could I not get mad?”

Kwang!

Kim Hannah’s forehead struck the desk again. Then, a cold blade touched her neck, along with the feeling of liquid running down her throat. Kim Hannah stopped struggling.

“Listen, honey. Consider yourself lucky. If it wasn’t for the phone call I got on my way here, I would have started by cutting off your arms and legs. It’s pretty fun talking to a person’s head and torso only.”

Kim Hannah shuddered again.

“Now, let me ask you again. This is your last chance.”

A gentle voice touched her ears.

“Why were you investigating us?”

“...Just because….”

“Just because?”

“Yeah….”

Kim Hannah spoke with a suppressed voice and then twisted the corner of her mouth up.

“I was curious….”

She chuckled with her head still planted on the desk.

“...Oh, is that so?”

The gentle voice turned cold in an instant and pierced her ears.

“I guess you two really share the same blood. You’re both quite resolute.”

With a snort, the owner of the voice suddenly grabbed Kim Hannah by her ponytail. Kim Hannah’s head turned sideways forcefully.

“Speak.”

At that moment, within the pitch-black darkness, Kim Hannah could clearly see it.

“Who ordered you?”

Faced with a pair of bright yellow pupils, Kim Hannah’s head turned blank.

*

Seol Jihu was training Baek Haeju and Seo Yuhui as always.

“Again!”

As he shouted ‘again’ for the 6,478th time today, the doorbell chimed.

Opening the door, one person staggered into the restaurant.

“Kim Hannah?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. It was easy to tell that she wasn’t well. Her hair was disheveled, and her forehead was bruised. He could also see dried up blood on her throat.

“What’s wrong? What happened!?”

When Seol Jihu approached here, Kim Hannah fell into his embrace.

“Kim Hannah!”

“W-Water….”

Seo Yuhui hurriedly brought a cup of water. Kim Hannah gulped it down before heaving out a heavy breath. As soon as Seol Jihu sat her down on a chair, her upper body fell limp on the table.

Seo Yuhui chanted a healing spell before Seol Jihu said a word. However, nothing of note happened. Although her external injuries healed, she was still in the same state.

“What happened?”

Seol Jihu asked while grabbing onto Kim Hannah’s shoulders.

“The thing… you asked me to do….”

Kim Hannah raised her head, panting.

“I can’t do it….”

“What?”

“I found out some things, and….”

“And?”

“I was going to tell you after I read through it, but….”

Kim Hannah’s voice trembled out.

“I don’t remember….”

Then, she dropped her head again.

“I feel like something happened… but I don’t remember anything… and I was so confused when I woke up…. Then I got scared….”

“Kim Hannah?”

Kim Hannah did not say anything else. She took heavy breaths before taking out a notepad. She jotted something down and then tore the page out.

“Here…. It’s my cousin’s phone number and address….”

“Kim Hanbyul…?”

“It might be a coincidence… but I highly doubt they just share the same name….”

“....”

“This is all….”

Kim Hannah struggled to continue her words.

“...I can give you…. Sorry….”

Kim Hannah’s face contorted in indignation.

Seol Jihu shut his mouth. It was because he could see an indecipherable fear in Kim Hannah’s bloodshot eyes. He wanted to ask her what happened, but it didn’t look like she remembered either.

—Shadows.

At that moment, a voice rang out in his head. It was Roselle.

—I can see traces of shadows on her body.

‘Shadows?’

—Yes, and also traces of it having entered her mind.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

‘Then is Kim Hannah’s mind…!’

—No, I don’t think it’s been contaminated.

Roselle spoke sharply.

—Whoever did this is very experienced and skilled. I can also see that the person was very careful with her.

‘Careful? The perpetrator was?’

—Yes. In any case, this is truly a frightening energy. Just this tiny trace of energy is far more vicious than the Parasite Queen’s….

Roselle took a deep breath.

—I don’t know why, but I can say one thing for certain—the perpetrator showed her mercy.

‘....’

—It’s hard to say Kim Hannah escaped…. It’s probably more believable that she was sent back as a warning.

Seol Jihu’s face stiffened. He had more than a few questions, but helping Kim Hannah was the more urgent matter. After all, she had suffered unnecessarily because of him.

“Hannah, take a rest. Do you want to lie down on a bed?”

Kim Hannah shook her head.

“Do you want to go to the temple’s resting room?”

Kim Hannah shook her head again.

“Or do you want to eat something? Tell me if there’s anything you have in mind.”

“...Ramen.”

Only then did Kim Hannah quietly reveal her true thoughts.

“Make me ramen.”

“O-Okay, I’ll whip one up immediately. Wait here.”

Seol Jihu ran to the kitchen.

“Eh? This is….”

As he turned the stove on and put a pot of water on it, he could hear Seo Yuhui murmuring something from the table.

She was looking at the paper Kim Hannah handed over.

Seol Jihu also took a peek, his eyes widening immediately.

—Kim Hanbyul

—010 - 5882 - 4545

—SY Apartment, Building 101 Suite #5201

SY Apartment. Seol Jihu had gone to this multi-use, high-rise apartment built by Korea’s famous SY conglomerate.

“Yuhui, isn’t this…?”

“Yeah, it’s where I live. The building number is different though.”

Seo Yuhui nodded her head.

“But Building 101 Suite #5201….”

“What about it?”

“Ah, SY has four apartment buildings.”

Building 101, Building 102, Building 103, and Building 104. The price of living in each of these apartments went up in reverse order, and living on a higher level naturally meant it cost more.

Seol Jihu was just about to ask Seo Yuhui whether she could pay this apartment suite a visit, but after glancing at Kim Hannah again, he immediately crossed out that thought.

After pondering for a moment, he said.

“It won’t be easy to get in, right?”

“You won’t even be able to enter the lobby if you don’t live there. Their air-tight security is one reason, but Building 101 is the most expensive building, and the 52nd floor is also the penthouse floor….”

“Hm…. Do I need to move to this building or something then? Maybe I can say I came to visit as a neighbor.”

“That won’t be easy either.”

“Why not?”

“Well, it’s not a matter of money or availability. The exact requirements haven’t been released to the public, but I heard you need to meet a very particular set of conditions to live here.”

Seol Jihu blinked. He knew Seo Yuhui lived in Building 102’s suite 4702. Just what kind of family background must she have?

“...Miss Seo Yuhui is right.”

Kim Hannah also chimed in with a groaning voice.

“It’s not because of this matter… but I also tried to look for a place here… and was rejected not too long ago….”

“You too….”

Seol Jihu gasped inwardly. After finishing Kim Hannah’s ramen, he quietly fell into thought. Suddenly, he remembered what Gabriel said. She had apologized profusely for asking him to do this.

He did not think much of it at the time. After all, saying a word or two didn’t seem so difficult. But now, he thought differently. Of course, he still wasn’t sure exactly what happened. But there was one thing he knew for sure.

‘Maybe….’

That this matter might not end simply at delivering a message.

No, just delivering this message could be an extremely difficult task. Perhaps even more so than killing the Parasite Queen.

“Do you want to try coming to the apartment complex? If I invite you, you’ll be able to enter Building 102. Building 101 will be a different story though….”

“Ah, yeah, thanks.”

Seol Jihu nodded his head at Seo Yuhui’s suggestion. That was the only method he could think of for now.

That said, he could not just go unprepared. Roselle had said that the perpetrator possessed strength surpassing the Parasite Queen’s. If that was true, it meant the perpetrator surpassed Heaven-rank 7.5.

The current Seol Jihu was incapable of defeating such a person, especially on Earth, where many of his abilities were restricted.

‘I don’t feel too good about this….’

He needed a weapon. A secret weapon that would allow him to break through the roadblock up ahead.

‘What should I do?’

There was one thing Seol Jihu could rely on.

Slurp! Slurp!

Seol Jihu stared fixedly at the overjoyed Kim Hannah, who was slurping up his ramen as if her previous fear-stricken state was a lie.





Side Story 10. Life is About Connections


Before returning to earth, Seol Jihu called Gabriel.

—User Goh Yeonju.

Gabriel clicked her tongue as soon as she heard what happened.

—To think it would be her out of all people…. You must have dug quite deep into the hornet’s nest for the Shadow Queen to have made a move.

“Thankfully, she sent Kim Hannah back alive.”

—That’s a relief. I highly doubt she escaped by luck…. It’s hard to believe, but the Shadow Queen must have shown her mercy.

Gabriel said the same thing Roselle did.

—It’s probably best that your investigator takes her hands off this matter. The Shadow Queen won’t be so forgiving the second time around.

Gabriel sighed. Seol Jihu spoke after listening quietly.

“Lady Roselle said she felt a trace of energy that was even more powerful than the Parasite Queen’s.”

—...I believe it.

Gabriel smacked her lips.

—Was it during the Glacial Snow Field expedition? They killed an ancient Heaven-rank 8 evil god and obtained his remains.

“H-Heaven-rank 8?”

Seol Jihu jumped in a startle.

—If I remember correctly, Saintess Angelus used Lucifer’s trap against him in a miracle, summoning Hell’s Conflagration to beat him.

“Hell’s Conflagration?”

—It is a fire of destruction that is said to only occur during the moment a planet explodes. For the record, it’s also a god at Heaven-rank 9.

Seol Jihu dropped his jaw. He felt like he was getting dumber the more he asked.

The difference between this person’s rank and the Parasite Queen’s rank was only one or two at best. But the difference between each rank of godhood was so vast that it was impossible to judge by human standards. After all, a Heaven-rank 9 god could have supposedly killed the Parasite Queen with just one thumb.

“That’s kind of hard to believe.”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“To think a human was able to handle the divinity of a Heaven-rank 8 god….”

—As you can tell from the Parasite’s Army Commanders, accepting a divinity and fully absorbing it are two completely different things. Plus, given that there are several existences on that side who are of vastly higher rank, the Shadow Queen might have received some help.

Multiple existences at a rank higher than Heaven-rank 8….

Seol Jihu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

—Do you think you can do it…?

Gabriel asked in a worried voice. She also sounded like she had given up.

Seol Jihu sank into his chair and lifted his chin to look at the sky.

*

After returning to Earth, Seol Jihu called the number he got from Kim Hannah.

However, Kim Hanbyul did not pick up. It was the same, even when he sent a text message.

In the end, Seol Jihu called Seo Yuhui and headed to meet up with her. He did not have a promising plan. But since he couldn’t refuse Gabriel’s earnest plea, he planned to visit personally.

‘Martial God….’

A man who was once a human.

Put differently, it meant he was no longer human.

Then what should he be called?

‘Chaos.’

That was what Gabriel said. That the Martial God was an inexplicably mixed being. That he was chaos itself, a jumble of light and darkness.

‘I can’t force him to do anything….’

Seol Jihu did not see the Fallen Angels in a bad light. After all, they played a huge role in liberating Paradise from the Parasites’ control.

However, that was only his opinion. He couldn’t demand the Martial God to forgive the Fallen Angels just because he thought highly of them. He neither had the qualification nor the strength to do so.

‘Moreover….’

This Martial God had been forcefully summoned to another world, suffering all sorts of hardships. His older brother, the woman he loved, and the comrades he trusted had all met tragic fates.

How he must have felt when he turned back time after reaching the summit was something Seol Jihu did not dare to imagine.

‘Maybe Black Seol Jihu can empathize with him.’

In any case, Seol Jihu knew what role he should play between the Martial God and the Fallen Angels.

Lost in thought, Seol Jihu arrived at his destination before he noticed. He looked up at the tall, high-rise apartment complex and slowly walked forward.

To get inside, he first had to pass through security. The guard’s room was near the main entrance. Seol Jihu stood in front of the window and waited.

Then, he was slightly startled as he saw a tall, male guard with a pony-tail. What surprised him wasn’t his hairstyle or height, but his physique, which was burly like that of a bodybuilder.

He was wearing a white dress shirt, which made his bulging muscles stand out.

‘Under that dress shirt…’

Must be a ton of muscles…. Seol Jihu gulped.

“What brings you here today?”

Though the guard asked politely, Seol Jihu felt an inexplicable chilliness in his tone.

“I came to see an acquaintance.”

“Can you tell me the name of this person and the building and suite number?”

“It’s Seo Yuhui from Building 102, Suite Number 4702.”

“Hold on just one second.”

Tadak, tadak. The guard typed a few things on his keyboard before nodding.

“May I see your ID?”

Seol Jihu immediately took out his wallet and showed his ID.

The burly guard’s eyebrows twitched.

“....”

He stared at the ID fixedly for a moment before slowly raising his gaze.

“...Please write your name here.”

He returned the ID and asked Seol Jihu to write his name down on a guest book. For some reason, Seol Jihu felt like the guard’s tone sank even lower.

“Also…”

As Seol Jihu finished writing his name, the guard’s voice rang out again.

“I recommend you don’t cause unnecessary trouble.”

Seol Jihu halted. No matter how he thought about it, that wasn’t something an ordinary guard would say to a visitor.

Seol Jihu quietly put down the pen.

“Is that a warning?”

“Let’s call it advice.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes sank low. He stared at the burly guard as if to examine him.

“Don’t worry.”

Soon, a thin smile appeared on Seol Jihu’s face.

“I won’t cause any trouble.”

“I sure hope so.”

“Of course, I’ll do what I came here to do.”

“....”

“Can I go in now?”

“...Building 102 is that way.”

The burly guard pointed west.

“Thank you.”

Seol Jihu replied with a beaming smile before turning around. Even as he walked away, the guard’s piercing gaze never left him. Seol Jihu did not look back and continued walking.

Then, as Seol Jihu left the view of the guard…

“Chanho Oppa.”

“Oh, Hayan.”

“Is he gone?”

“Yeah. You can come out now.”

A woman, who was squatting down in the guard’s room, peeked her head up. A white, milky skin stood out.

Gong Chanho plopped down on his seat. Heaving out the breath he had been holding in, he loosened his tie.

Sung Hayan tilted her head.

“Why did you do that?”

“Why did I do what?”

“He’s a guest. Why did you suddenly tell him not to cause any trouble?”

“Because I was scared.”

The burly guard replied calmly.

Sung Hayan’s eyes widened. She seemed to be wondering if she heard wrong.

“S-Scared? You, Oppa?”

“I don’t know.”

Gong Chanho smacked his lips.

“For some reason, I got the same feeling as I did when I first met that guy.... No, I guess it was a little different.”

“E-Eii, you’re exaggerating. If you get back your Asura Spear…!”

“I still won’t be able to win against that guy.”

Gong Chanho grumbled quietly.

“I can’t wield it as well as he does, so even if I get it back… unless I’m recognized as its true owner, I probably won’t be able to defeat that guest either.”

Gong Chanho shrugged. Sung Hayan became speechless. She quickly turned her head west, but the guest had already disappeared into the distance.

“Anyway, I gotta do my job.”

Gong Chanho picked up the phone.

*

Seol Jihu could not hide his astonishment as he looked around the apartment complex.

‘It really is huge.’

SY Apartments were built around Soohyun Park, standing in each of the four cardinal directions. To meet Seo Yuhui, he had to go to Building 102 in the west.

However, Seol Jihu changed direction midway and headed east.

‘So this is where he lives….’

Looking at Building 101, Seol Jihu fiddled with his phone. He called the number he got from Kim Hannah again just in case, but the phone was turned off.

‘I guess there’s no other choice.’

For now, Seol Jihu decided to wait for Seo Yuhui. He would surely draw suspicion by snooping around by himself, but if he were accompanying a resident, he would have an excuse to give.

“Titty-Loonie~!”

Just as Seol Jihu was pondering, a bright voice rang out. Seol Jihu turned back in a startle.

“Eh? Already…?”

He shut his mouth halfway. He thought Seo Yuhui was calling him because of the nickname ‘Titty-Loonie’. Because of the caller’s long hair, gentle expression, and very, very glamorous style, he really thought she was Seo Yuhui at first.

However, upon closer inspection, he noticed that it was someone else, though the two gave off similar auras.

“?”

A woman he had never seen before paused with a phone next to her ear. She looked a little surprised. Seol Jihu apologized immediately.

“Ah, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone I knew.”

“Ah….”

The woman briefly scanned Seol Jihu and then smiled. She greeted him with a slight bow before walking past him.

“Yeah, it’s nothing. Where are you? You’re almost here? Hold on, wait outside for a bit. I’m on my way. What do you mean, why? Let’s eat out today. Everyone’s coming.”

Judging by the way she was talking, she seemed to be on her way to meet her boyfriend.

‘Should I eat out with Yuhui too tonight?’

Seol Jihu turned his gaze after watching the woman leave. Looking back at Building 101, he fell into thought.

‘Now, how do I approach this…?’

Should I barge in there and ask if I can see him? No, I’ll probably get stopped in the lobby before I can even make it to the elevator. Yuhui said visitors need to call the host at the lobby to get in.... Then, should I call the number until Kim Hanbyul picks up? No, I’d probably just get reported to the police. Or that frightening Shadow Queen might pay me a visit….

‘I do want to try fighting her, though.’

Feeling his competitive spirit rising, Seol Jihu quickly shook his head and got rid of the thought. There was no way to fight on Earth, and there was a chance his family might get involved as well. There was no need to poke a hornet’s nest unnecessarily.

‘Should I grab a picket and protest?’

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly.

‘It would be best if I could just move in next door or, at the very least, move into the same building….’

But that was supposedly difficult as well. He could also text Kim Hannah’s cousin to explain the situation and go back for now, but he wanted to hear the answer personally if possible.

No matter what that answer might be.

‘I don’t know.’

Seol Jihu sighed and sat down on the side of the flower garden. At that moment, Building 101’s main entrance opened. The revolving door spun, and a few people walked out.

Seol Jihu, who was staring dazedly, suddenly widened his eyes. The four women that walked out were all wearing confident smiles. Not only did they boast unique charms, but more importantly, they exuded the elegance of a queen in their steps.

‘Wow….’

Seol Jihu forgot about why he was here and stared at the four women blankly.

‘A lot of pretty people live here, huh.’

It was then.

Did they feel his gaze?

“So I… hmm?”

One of the women glanced in his direction. After seeing Seol Jihu, her eyes flashed. At the same time…

“Hm?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes also widened. It was because his vision suddenly turned golden. His Nine Eyes had activated automatically, almost as if to protect him. This was only the second time that his Innate Ability activated on its own, the first being when he regained his Innate Ability.

Soon, by the time Seol Jihu’s vision returned to normal, the woman standing at the head of the group had stopped. She was staring at him with narrowed eyes, her grey pupils looking oddly dangerous.

Seol Jihu stopped himself from activating the Nine Eyes again. He had a feeling that was for the best. Now that he looked, the other three women had stopped as well.

Then, just as Seol Jihu was about to get up…

“Hey.”

Seol Jihu instinctively brought his hand to his waist and then threw it backward. It was only then that he realized he did not have his spear. His body had reacted before he even read the situation.

When Seol Jihu slowly turned around, he saw the grey-eyed woman there. He never took his eyes off of her, but she was standing behind him before he noticed.

“Hnng.”

When Seol Jihu stealthily moved his hand forward, Goh Yeonju’s eyes curled. She planned on surprising him but almost suffered a blow. If the man had a spear in his hand, that surely was what would have happened.

‘He read my movement? I don’t feel any special energy from him though.’

Goh Yeonju pushed her wavy bangs up with an intrigued expression. Then, she put her hand out and spoke.

“5 million won.”

“....”

Seol Jihu stared at the soft-looking hand that the woman put out. What was it for?

“You looked at my breasts. The viewing fee is 5 million won.”

“?”

“Oh? What’s up with the question mark above your head? Are you Ahn Sol?”

“I don’t know what you mean by that, but I didn’t look.”

“Lies. You can’t fool my eyes. Hand it over. You saw these beautiful breasts, so you have to pay the price.”

Seol Jihu glanced down. Because the woman was wearing an open-breast turtleneck, he could vaguely see her breasts.

They were indeed superb. If he did not know Seo Yuhui, he would have fallen for them 100 percent.

“See? You saw them.”

When the corners of Goh Yeonju’s mouth curled up, Seol Jihu did a double-take.

“I really didn’t look.”

“But, you did just now.”

“....”

“5 million won. Otherwise, I’m going to call the security guards and chase you out.”

“I really didn’t look though….”

Seol Jihu took out his wallet with a sullen face.

“They aren’t that pretty either…. I’ve seen and touched even better ones….”

Pouting, he took out five 1 million won bills.

Goh Yeonju was taken aback. She didn’t think he would actually pay.

‘...Who is this guy?’

She was slightly flustered but quickly regained her wits and pulled back her hand.

“Alright, let’s say you didn’t.”

She cleared her throat and continued.

“Then, where did you look?”

“...Your faces.”

“Why?”

“The four of you were all really pretty…. I’m sorry if my stare was unpleasant.”

“No, there’s no reason to feel sorry.”

Goh Yeonju giggled.

“What a cute kid. Anyway, so?”

Seol Jihu tilted his head.

“You said you were staring because we were pretty.”

“Right.”

“So who’s the prettiest?”

Goh Yeonju bent down and pinched Seol Jihu’s cheek.

Seol Jihu moaned a little at her playful act. His neck quickly turned red. He seemed to be at a loss for what to do.

He hurriedly got up and tried to walk back, but…

“Ah!”

He had no choice but to stop. It was because he ran into someone.

Looking back, he saw the other three women surrounding him.

“S-Sorry.”

“N-No, I should be the one apologizing.”

When Seol Jihu apologized, the light-brown haired woman he ran into also apologized. Looking at her, he was reminded of a docile puppy. Then, not sure where to place his gaze, he turned and looked at the other women’s faces.

One seemed cold and aloof like a cold wind was blowing wherever she went. Her slender and toned figure made her look like she would be skilled with the sword… but for some reason, Seol Jihu felt a hint of pervertedness from her.

‘Wait, haven’t I seen her on TV a couple of times?’

The remaining person was also quite the beauty. She looked at her watch with an expressionless face as if looking at him was a waste of time, but she carried a very mature, adult-like atmosphere.

‘I feel like I’ve seen her before too….’

As he was in thought, he felt something poke his back.

“Who is it? Pick quickly.”

“!”

“Is it me? Or is it one of them?”

The grey-eyed woman giggled. The dazedly standing Seol Jihu raised his finger in a trance. Then, he carefully pointed his finger at the eye-catching woman he saw last, who gave off a unique, dense scent.

He would normally be flustered but was actually picking someone subconsciously, almost as if he was attracted by something. For some reason, this woman seemed to give off a charismatic charm akin to a curse.

“...All men are the same.”

Goh Yeonju’s eyes narrowed.

“Ptui.”

The cold-faced woman spat.

“You must be happy, Soyoung Unni~”

Even the puppy-like woman glanced sideways.

Han Soyoung was still expressionless, like the matter wasn’t of any interest. However, the way she lifted her chin slightly made it clear that she was feeling proud.

“Who are you?”

She looked at Seol Jihu for the first time.

“Can you tell me your name? I’ve never seen you around here.”

She crossed her arms and asked haughtily.

“My name is Seol Jihu.”

“Seol Jihu…. And what brings you here?”

“I came here to meet someone.”

“Is that all?”

“Ah, and….”

The woman asked in an interrogative tone. Though Seol Jihu might be mistaken, he felt like the woman was prying into him.

Seol Jihu took a brief pause before continuing.

“I also came to find out... if I can move here.”

He scratched his head and laughed awkwardly.

Han Soyoung tilted her head slightly.

“...I see.”

Then, after staring at him for some time…

“Okay, excuse us. We have to go now.”

Han Soyoung turned around.

The other three women turned to her simultaneously.

“Miss Han Soyoung?”

Goh Yeonju called her out.

“He’s here as a guest. We can’t bother him. Let’s go. He must be waiting for us.”

With that, she walked away. Walking down the hill that led up to Building 101, she took out her phone.

“What’s up with her?”

Goh Yeonju gave Seol Jihu a quick glance before walking off.

“I don’t know. I’m sure she has her reason.”

The cold-faced woman also followed after them.

“Ah….”

Finally, the light-brown haired woman bowed to Seol Jihu before hurriedly running after them.

It was only then that Seol Jihu could catch a breath. The group of women had arrived like a sudden storm and left like one too.

‘What was that…?’

Seol Jihu shook his head.

‘This is no good.’

It seemed it was best to go back for today. Not only did he come unprepared, but it also didn’t seem like the best thing to break through forcefully.

‘Let’s meet up with Yuhui first.’

It was probably better to look for another method.

As he organized his thoughts, Seol Jihu suddenly blinked.

“...Huh?”

He finally realized the reason for the unknown anxiousness he felt.

“Yuhui?”

He could see Seo Yuhui standing in the direction of Building 102. He didn’t know when she arrived, but it seemed like she had been watching for a while.

“When did you…”

“Jihu.”

Seo Yuhui put one hand on her waist and smiled.

“I’m so jealous. You’re so popular!”

“N-No, that’s not it.”

“I agree, those unnis were really pretty. I agree fully. Have fun with those glamorous unnis then. Bye.”

Seo Yuhui turned back.

“Yuhui. Yuhui!”

Frightened out of his wits, Seol Jihu hurriedly ran toward Seo Yuhui.

*

“What a cute kid.”

Same time.

“It’s been a while since the Eyes of Charm failed to work.”

Goh Yeonju snorted while walking down the hill.

“Did you see that?”

Then, she looked back and asked.

“He moved his hand back before I even moved, right?”

“Yes, though it was only by a split second.”

The cold-faced woman, Nam Da-Eun, nodded her head.

Goh Yeonju furtively licked her upper lip.

“Interesting. Where did a kid like him come from?”

“He didn’t seem like a bad person, though….”

The light-brown haired woman, Yoo Hyun-Ah, quietly chimed in.

“No, it’s better to be careful.”

Nam Da-Eun spoke briefly.

“Also… we shouldn’t be too confrontational. Apparently, it’s not a good idea to irritate the Golden Constellation.”

“...What?’

Goh Yeonju furrowed her brows.

“What do you mean? Golden Constellation?”

“I don’t know either. That’s just what Jung Unni told me.”

Goh Yeonju shut her mouth.

“Well… let’s leave him be for now. It looks like Soyoung Unni has something in mind too.”

Hearing this, Goh Yeonju looked back again and then turned to Han Soyoung, who was walking ahead.

“It’s me. Look into someone for me. His name is Seol Jihu….”

Han Soyoung was busy talking on the phone with someone.





Side Story 11. Between Heaven-rank 9 and Heaven-rank 10


SY General Hospital. The snow-white building standing in the heart of downtown Seoul was full of unusual tension today. The reason was the unexpected and sudden visit from the SY Group’s CEO. Even though the CEO revealed that she visited the hospital simply on a whim, the staff could not rest at ease knowing that one of their nurses was alone with their boss in a private room.

“He’s not bad.”

Han Soyoung began.

“What was his name again? Seol Jihu? I heard he came, so I went to take a peek…. My Supersense couldn’t detect anything either.”

“I told you he’s not a bad person.”

“You’re right. He’s not. Also, I see that you have great taste in men. I’ll give you that.”

“Right? …Wait, what?”

“The problem is….”

Han Soyoung cleared her throat as she changed the subject.

“Others don’t quite agree with me.”

She put her coffee down on the table and continued.

“Miss Goh Yeonju is especially obstinate, and the rest are equally skeptical.”

“But that’s not everyone.”

The woman dressed in scrubs remarked as she took a sip of her hot cocoa.

“Silence is an implicit accordance.”

Han Soyoung let out a small sigh.

“And it’s not like I don’t understand where they’re coming from. Fallen Angels… they’re the reason for his darkness in a way. I don’t see what good would come of him being associated with them again.”

“But that’s your opinion, not Oppa’s.”

“…You’re right.”

Han Soyoung admitted.

“I know what you’re thinking. Why should we even bother with them? Let’s just ignore them so that everything can stay the same. But can’t you see that you’re just avoiding the issue?”

The nurse girl continued.

“I believe that sometimes we need to face problems head-on. That way, things might take a turn for the better.”

With a look of mild surprise, Han Soyoung glanced up at the angel in white sitting across from her.

“…Ahn Sol.”

Her voice sounded softer now.

“What you’re saying sounds nice and all, but you know that life doesn’t always work out quite so conveniently.”

“That’s true, too.”

Ahn Sol nodded in assent.

“You agree. Yet your opinion is still the same…. Does that mean you’re sure this is going to be fine?”

“Mm…. Maybe?”

“Maybe isn’t enough. I need you to convince me. Can you do that?”

“I had a dream.”

“A dream?”

Yes. A dream. Ahn Sol said in a whisper before breaking into a smile.

With mixed feelings, Han Soyoung stared at Ahn Sol stroking her paper cup.

The Priestess of Brilliance, a girl whose existence itself was a miracle. Her singularity surpassed even him. It wasn’t that Han Soyoung didn’t trust her. The girl in front of her was so extraordinary that she couldn’t be judged by human standards.

However….

“What kind of dream was it?”

“I saw a rabbit.”

Ahn Sol replied simply.

Han Soyoung frowned.

“Ah, but he wasn’t just any rabbit. This rabbit had golden fur…. You might even call him a super-rabbit!”

Ahn Sol continued with a playful smile.

“And the moment the golden rabbit jumped into the chaos….”

*

He finally reunited with Seo Yuhui, but nothing unexpected happened afterward. There wasn’t anything he could do either. In the end, Seol Jihu had no choice but to retreat. Just like that, his first expedition to SY Apartments ended in failure.

Instead of returning to Paradise immediately, Seol Jihu stayed on Earth for a few more days. During this time, he contacted Kim Hanbyul again and checked through Kim Hannah if a unit in building 101 was listed for sale.

Of course, even as he did all this, he had only the faintest hope of his efforts bearing fruit. He just thought he’d try everything possible before returning to Paradise for good.

Then one day, a miracle happened.

—Hey, hey, hey…. What happened?

Kim Hannah’s voice over the phone was shaking.

—What the hell did you do!?

“What do you mean? What’s going on?”

—I just got a call from the realtor…!

What Kim Hannah said next was enough to make Seol Jihu’s jaw drop, and for the next minute, he stood frozen and in silence.

According to Kim Hannah, Seol Jihu managed to gain a spot in SY Apartments in Building 101, suite 5202. He was now the Martial God’s neighbor!

“This doesn’t make any sense!”

Kim Hannah came over right away and made a big fuss.

“Seriously, it makes no sense! The application process for SY Apartments is even more complicated than Mastercard’s gold card! I’ve never heard of an instance when they responded this fast….”

This had to be some sort of a scheme, Kim Hannah insisted.

Seol Jihu fell into thought.

“Is this good or bad?”

“Bad.”

Kim Hanah asserted.

“They’re obviously trying to lure you into a trap. That’s the only sensible explanation.”

“But why would they go that far? Given how powerful they are, wouldn’t it make more sense for them just to kill me outright? Though I don’t intend to go down easily, of course.”

Kim Hannah shut her mouth. She had seen them with her own eyes and knew that Seol Jihu was right.

“But… it makes even less sense to think they’re doing this in your favor.”

She was adamant.

“There’s no such thing as free goodwill. If this is truly an act of hospitality, there must be something they want from you. What do you think it is?”

This time, Seol Jihu fell silent. He couldn’t think of a single thing they would want from him. They were, after all, a bunch made up of multiple Heaven-rank 9s. What could they possibly need from someone like him?

“…I don’t know.”

Finally, after a long thought, Seol Jihu made his decision.

“But we should still accept their offer. We never know what will happen unless we dive right in.”

“Are you sure? I mean, do you really have to?”

Kim Hannah asked, her voice full of concern.

“Listen to me, Jihu. Let’s just go back, and—”

“I would’ve given up if I had run into a dead end. But it looks like there still is a way, and I can’t just ignore it.”

“You should think again. This isn’t something to be taken lightly. Remember, you’re on Earth and not there.”

Kim Hannah tried to persuade him but to no avail. Seol Jihu never changed his mind.

*

Just like that, Seol Jihu found a new home—although he chose to keep his old place in case something went wrong.

Money wasn’t a problem at all. The apartment cost about 1 billion won, which he paid with 20 gold coins.

“So, this is it….”

Seol Jihu’s jaw dropped in awe as soon as he stepped inside his new apartment. He had heard that this unit was over 400 square meters in size, and it was indeed extremely spacious. So spacious that it could even be used as a soccer field.

‘This is great and all, but….’

However, his initial excitement soon faded as Seol Jihu recalled the reason he moved here in the first place.

He remembered the old saying, strike while the iron is hot. He also recalled that traditionally, people moving into new homes are supposed to distribute rice cakes to their neighbors.

And so, Seol Jihu set out with a carefully packed box of rice cakes in his hand. He walked down the corridor past the elevator and arrived at his neighbor’s door. Taking a deep breath, he pressed the doorbell.

Five seconds later….

Bee-beep!

The door opened with a click.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

There was no voice asking, “Who is it?”

While he hesitated to enter, the door suddenly swung open.

“Ah…. Hello! I just moved in…?”

Seol Jihu stopped in the middle of his sentence.

He couldn’t help it.

The woman standing in front of him was breathtakingly beautiful.

Her silver hair sparkled like the Milky Way, and her eyes glowed with mystic light. Her beauty reminded him of an angel from the ancient myths.

“Welcome.”

The angel-like beauty clasped her hands in front of her waist and smiled.

“Would you like to come inside?”

“Padron? Ah…. Can I?”

“Of course. Please come in.”

Seol Jihu stepped inside with a dazed expression. He had only planned to ask if he could meet the Martial God. He never thought that he would be invited in.

“Excuse me, this….”

“Thank you.”

The silver-haired woman received the box of rice cakes with a graceful gesture of the hand.

“Also… I’d like to thank you for your visit. It’s an honor to have you as my guest.”

She politely bowed her head.

“Please, I….”

Seol Jihu too bowed his head in return.

Then, all of a sudden, he began to blink.

His eyes met the eyes of a little girl clinging to the woman’s leg. Her cute face resembled her mother. The girl smiled shyly before hiding behind her mother.

When Seol Jihu raised his back, he was greeted with a smile from the woman.

“You needn’t be so humble. Your being here means a lot to me.”

Her sweet voice continued.

“I admire that you’ve taken on a job that is in no way related to you simply out of loyalty.”

Seol Jihu flinched. From the way she spoke, the woman seemed to be well aware of the situation.

“Is it possible for me to….”

“…I’m sorry, but he isn’t here right now.”

A light flickered in Seol Jihu’s eyes.

“May I ask when he will be back?”

“I can’t say.”

Seraph shook her head slowly.

“He received a call from the Shadow Queen two hours ago… and said he was going on a trip with her.”

“So… suddenly…?”

“She probably knew you’d visit today and made plans in advance.”

Seraph gave a bitter smile.

After a moment of silence, Seol Jihu spoke.

“May I ask how you’re related to all this?”

“I used to serve Lord Gabriel.”

It was then that Seol Jihu finally realized who this woman was. Seraph—the angel who turned to the Martial God’s side and later begged him to give the Fallen Angels another chance.

“Ah, come this way, Sylraph. The adults need to talk, and I need you to go to your room.”

“Okayy….”

The tiny angel called Sylraph shuffled into her room, casting a curious glance toward Seol Jihu.

Seol Jihu followed Seraph deeper into the house.

Breaking the silence, he asked.

“Is the Martial God aware of the Fallen Angels’ situation?”

“I’m not sure. But my guess is that he’s probably not very interested.”

Seol Jihu organized his thoughts and asked again.

“I would think that you would have talked to him about them….”

“No.”

Her answer took Seol Jihu by surprise.

“After repeated pleas, the Martial God eventually agreed to my terms. However… that was all I was allowed to do.”

Seraph continued.

“I’ll give them a chance. But you are never to speak of them again. Those are the exact words he said to me then.”

Which meant Seraph couldn’t have talked to the Martial God about the Fallen Angels, let alone their salvation.

“So….”

Seol Jihu listened quietly before speaking.

“You can’t arrange a meeting or deliver my message to the Martial God.”

“You’re right, unfortunately. He very rarely changes a decision once it has been made, and I’m not in a position to force anything on him….”

It’s not that she didn’t want to. She just couldn’t. Seraph lowered her head. She felt sorry that she couldn’t do anything to assist Seol Jihu, who was helping the Fallen Angels out of goodwill alone.

“Couldn’t you have asked him about the Fallen Angels through other people? Someone close to the Martial God, perhaps?”

“Yes, but….”

Seraph’s voice dwindled.

“Most of those close to the Martial God think negatively of the Fallen Angels.”

“.…”

“The prevailing opinion is that we should pretend as if this had never happened. I regret to inform you that they are doing everything they can to stop you from meeting the Martial God. A few days ago, and even now.”

Seol Jihu remembered the four women he met a few days back.

“Of course, not everyone is so determined….”

Seraph continued.

“But the rest are the least interested in this issue.”

“….”

“Which is precisely why I’d like to recruit your help.”

Seraph turned her eyes towards Seol Jihu.

“I can’t do it alone…. I need help, even if it comes from an outsider.”

The moment Seol Jihu looked into those eyes filled with anticipation, he felt even more pressure than before.

“Ah, but I’m not anything special.”

“…Pardon?”

Seraph’s eyes widened slightly. She seemed almost to doubt her ears. But instead of showing her surprise, she smiled.

“Lord Gabriel wouldn’t have asked just anyone to help her out. She has the most discerning eyes out of all of us.”

It was then.

Just as they neared the end of the hallway, Seol Jihu’s nostrils began to flare.

‘This smell….’

He immediately recognized the familiar smell. It was the smell of noodles being cooked.

Seol Jihu sniffed the air a few more times before clicking his tongue.

‘Whoever’s cooking must be an amateur. Those noodles are gonna be all mushy and soggy…. They cooked it for way too long.’

As Seol Jihu silently mourned the noodles, someone suddenly appeared before them. This someone, a woman with calm features, seemed to have stopped on her way to the front door.

“Who…?”

“He’s my guest.”

“Your guest, Miss Seraph?”

“Yes.”

Seraph nodded as she passed the woman.

Seol Jihu felt the woman’s gaze on him and bowed his head slightly. As he did so, his eyes grazed over the name ‘Cha Sorim’ embroidered on the apron she was wearing.

‘Is she the housekeeper?’

It made sense. This apartment was too big to take care of alone.

‘So she’s the one.’

As much as he felt bad for the noodles, Seol Jihu knew he had to focus on the matter at hand.

“So, how can I help?”

“The Priestess of Brilliance believes that everything will work out on its own once you two meet each other…. But that is unlikely to happen under the present circumstances. The Shadow Queen has set her mind to keep you away from him. And so….”

Seraph cleared her throat.

“You’ll have to convince people who are indifferent to this issue at the moment but can exert more influence on the Martial God than the Shadow Queen.”

Seraph stopped. She turned around and faced the opposite direction. Seol Jihu also turned his gaze to where she was looking.

His eyes immediately widened in surprise.





Side Story 12. Undefeated Record, Broken


In the spacious area around the living room were four people. It was hard to say they were human.

The first person Seol Jihu caught sight of was a long-haired woman sitting with her legs inside a kotatsu. Her pupils, hair, and even her skin overflowed with a clear, scarlet light.

She glanced at Seol Jihu when he came in but quickly went back to focusing on the Macbook on top of the table. Seol Jihu could tell that she was a little temperamental, but perhaps because she was watching a drama, a thin smile hung on her lips.

The second person was lying on the couch, watching TV, in the most relaxed position in the world. Her body emitted a red light, but it was slightly different from the first woman’s. Her hair, which flowed down like a waterfall, shone in the color of lava.

She also glanced at Seol Jihu when he arrived, but that was it. With a look of disinterest, she quickly went back to watching TV.

The third person was sitting by a table at the terrace, looking after the last person. Of the four, this woman was the only one who did not shine red. Her neatly cut short hair was the color of ice. In any case, she was quite unique.

The first two were wearing a turtleneck and a sleeveless t-shirt, respectively, but this woman was wearing a maid uniform straight out of an anime. It was as if she was cosplaying.

The way she smiled with her eyes closed gave off a virtuous aura, but Seol Jihu felt an inexplicable anxiousness. For some reason, he felt like her personality would make a sharp 180 as soon as she opened her eyes.

The last person also shone red. It was a cute, adorable girl with deep red, braided hair. She did not look older than five.

Lying on her stomach, she had her legs on the maid’s lap and was reading a fairy tale book. Other than occasionally opening her mouth to eat snacks that the maid fed her, she did not pay attention to anything else, including Seol Jihu.

Having examined each of the women, Seol Jihu felt his mind go blank. It wasn’t just because of their beauty. An inexplicable sensation crept over him only by looking at them.

It was truly a mysterious thing. They were simply sitting or lying, but an overbearing, absolute aura exuded out from them.

‘I’m positive.’

Seol Jihu became certain. These four were the ones that Seraph wanted Seol Jihu to convince to get involved in the matter. Naturally, that meant they had to be gods, not humans.

Seol Jihu only snapped out of his daze when a short sigh rang out.

“Why did you bring him here?”

A sharp but beautiful voice flowed out. Hwajung, the woman sitting by the table, paused the video that was playing on the Macbook. She took off her headset and asked.[1]

“What was the point of bringing him here, hmm?”

She seemed to be talking to Seraph.

“And you. Why are you so nosy?”

Hwajung moved her gaze to Seol Jihu.

“This has nothing to do with you.”

“That’s….”

It was true, but if he had to give a reason, it was because of the Golden Commandment. Because the Fallen Angels helped him, he had to help them as well.

“Hilarious.”

Hwajung snorted before Seol Jihu even said a word. It was almost as if she read his mind.

“Then tell me why I should help you out.”

“….”

“Do I have any reason to go out of my way and meddle in some insects’ struggle?”

“No, you don’t.”

The reply came from the woman lying on the couch, Gehenna.

“This is of no benefit to us. There’s nothing we can expect from this guy either. It’s not even intriguing or worthy of being an amusement.”

Seraph looked back at Seol Jihu in a fluster. It was because Hwajung and Gehenna were too harsh.

Seol Jihu was frowning.

“…Oh?”

Hwajung raised her eyebrow. But then she blinked in confusion.

‘Why are they boiling the noodles this long…? They should have taken it out 37.24 seconds ago…. At the very least, if it was 3.64 seconds ago, they could have revived it with cold water…. Aah, it’s too late. It’s way too overcooked…?’

Having read Seol Jihu’s mind, Hwajung made a dumbfounded face. She thought his annoyed expression was because of her words, but his mind was elsewhere. What was even more surprising was that he really was in a foul mood.

“…Hey, go turn the stove off.”

Hwajung looked at Cha Sorim and spoke.

“P-Pardon?”

“Weren’t you doing something?”

“Ah!”

Cha Sorim did a double-take and ran to the kitchen. Only then did Seol Jihu’s face liven up.

“Thank you.”

He thanked her sincerely. Hwajung shook her head, thinking he was quite an oddball.

“Whatever. I know why you are here, but they aren’t acting like this for no reason.”

She spoke in a slightly softer tone.

“Fallen Angels are the direct cause of the Martial God’s darkness. In general, origin does not care about one’s circumstances or situation. We barely managed to revive his light, but the darkness can very easily devour him again. Just like when he invaded the Celestial Realm…. Well, not that I expect you to know what any of this means.”

“I understand that there are some specific circumstances involved. But—”

“No buts.”

Hwajung spoke curtly.

“You do not have any say in this matter. Why are you so stubborn, child?”

“I’m not a child.”

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly at her consoling tone.

“You’re not? Weren’t you born not too long ago?”

“It must have been about a year or two in that world’s time.”

A nightingale-like voice rang out. It was the woman with the short, ice-colored hair, Mercedes.

She was still stroking the little girl’s hair with her eyes closed. Meanwhile, the girl was busy reading her book, hitting Mercedes’ hand away.

“What? Then he’s a total baby.”

Hwajung snorted and looked back at Seol Jihu.

“Let me tell you something. There is only one reason you are able to stand in my countenance and talk while looking down at me. And that is because I hold a tiny sliver of admiration for you.”

“….”

“I know who you are.”

The infinite Golden Constellation—a being who had more potential than even Chaos. That was the Seol Jihu that Hwajung saw.

“I know it’s best not to irritate you, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do anything about you. I just don’t find the need to.”

“Mm…. That is true. It would become a little annoying. It might cause a universe-wide problem after all….”

Mercedes nodded.

“Come to think of it, I heard rumors that Astraios took a liking to the Golden Constellation.”

“Hmph, who cares about that star’s brat? There’s nothing to be afraid of.”

Gehenna smirked.

As hard to understand words went back and forth, Seol Jihu felt himself stiffening from nervousness. He could feel confidence and arrogance from their voices, yet they didn’t seem unfounded in the slightest.

“Anyway, we can only overlook your impudence so much. Go back.”

He was clearly being chased out.

“Just once—”

“No, we won’t help. We have no intention to. Hurry on out.”

Seol Jihu tried to plead his case once more, but Hwajung was firm.

Seol Jihu bit his lower lip. He didn’t expect this to be easy in the first place. In fact, he could say that he made more progress today than he thought. He had no reason to feel dejected since he did not have any expectations, but….

‘Are they making something with those noodles?’

The kitchen kept bothering him. As the Artisan of Infinity, he couldn’t help but lament what it could have been.

‘Maybe that housekeeper is also in on it.’

Seol Jihu was beginning to think that the housekeeper was trying to make things unpleasant for him purposely to get him to leave.

“…Excuse me. I’ll be heading out then.”

“Good. At least you can understand words.”

Hwajung waved her hand and put her headset back on.

“Ah, wait…!”

When Seol Jihu turned around without hiding his displeasure, Seraph quickly stretched out her hand.

“I’m sorry….”

“No, it’s fine.”

“I’m truly sorry. If it’s okay with you, I would like to talk to you for a moment.”

Seraph really hoped Seol Jihu would not back down here. If he gave up, she felt like that would be the end of this matter.

“If you haven’t eaten yet, please stay for a bowl of naengmyeon…. We were in the middle of making it.”

Seraph pointed toward the kitchen and offered Seol Jihu to dine.

Seol Jihu furrowed his brows. How could it be naengmyeon of all things?

Seraph was at a loss for what to do. She could see why Seol Jihu would be mad when he suffered humiliation he did not need to.

“Please calm your anger and stay a little while longer….”

“I already said it’s fine. I can’t stay and continue being such a bother. I’ll take my leave now.”

Seol Jihu bowed and turned around to leave in a hurry.

“Please wait…!”

However, Seraph’s pleading voice caused him to stop.

“It’s not that….”

Seol Jihu smacked his lips and stared fixedly at the sullen Seraph.

“I’m just worried that I will commit an inexcusable mistake by eating that.”

“…Pardon?”

“I’m sorry, I can’t help it. It’s a condition I was born with.”

Seraph looked befuddled.

Seol Jihu sighed deeply. He knew it would be rude… but as the Artisan of Infinity, he showed an expression that was more serious than ever before.

“You overcooked the noodles.”

“?”

Seraph blinked rapidly. She stared blankly, not sure what he was talking about all of a sudden. However…

“….”

Seraph could not say anything because Seol Jihu’s eyes were all too serious. There wasn’t even a shred of silliness or jest.

“Naengmyeon….”

Moreover….

“Naengmyeon is not something you cook like that.”

Seol Jihu’s level of existence had suddenly soared. No, it was still soaring. It was a pure, spotless divinity that even a pure-blooded Angel like her could not surmise.

Seraph’s jaw dropped.

She wasn’t the only one who showed such a reaction. Hwajung stopped right before she pressed the resume button and turned to Seol Jihu.

“Hoh….”

Gehenna also took her eyes off the TV and exclaimed. A hint of surprise could be seen on her face.

Mercedes also narrowed her eyes and stared at Seol Jihu. Even the little girl, who ignored him all this time, glanced at him.

“…Then.”

Seol Jihu bowed and began to walk toward the door. It was then.

“Hey.”

A high-pitched voice stopped Seol Jihu.

“Hold on.”

Hwajung took off her headset again.

“What’s wrong?”

“Hmm….”

Hwajung scanned Seol Jihu from top to bottom before looking back at the living room.

“Come to think of it, wasn’t he recently selected as a new Universe Planet Cultural Heritage?”

“No. 778,712. It’s been 102,236 years since the last one. I remember the council raising the bar extremely high 100,000 years ago.”

Mercedes replied.

“Oho. And he achieved that just a year or two after being born….”

An intrigued smile hung on Hwajung’s lips. She locked her fingers together and spoke.

“Well, I guess I am a liiit~tle interested. It’s just a little, though.”

“Indeed. At first, I thought the rumors were exaggerated… but it looks like he can be of some amusement at the very least.”

Gehenne cackled as well.

“Child, are you interested in making a bet with us?”

“Huh?”

“Don’t be so dense. We’re saying we will give you a chance.”

Hwajung continued.

“If you’re that confident, try making it. A noodle dish, I mean.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes lit up.

“If your dish can satisfy my palate… I don’t see why I wouldn’t accept a simple request.”

“Really?”

Seol Jihu’s complexion brightened. Noodle dishes were his forte, after all.

“Do I look like a god who would say one thing and act another way? Me, Hwajung?”

Seol Jihu gasped under his breath. He had heard of the name before from Gabriel. Having the aliases Primal Fire and Everlasting Conflagration, she was a goddess at the pinnacle of all gods of fire, a Heaven-rank 9 god standing on equal grounds with the Creation God.

“…Alright, I accept.”

Seol Jihu clenched his fists.

“Good. You should have just started with this. As the Artisan of Infinity, you must surely have a restaurant or two, right?”

“I do, but it’s not on Earth….”

“No problem.”

Hwajung closed the Macbook with a grin. She got up and looked around.

“Anyone wanna go with me?”

“I’ll go.”

Gehenna also got up from the couch.

“I would like to, but I have to serve the king… oh?”

Mercedes’ eyes waned. The little girl had thrown the fairy tale book aside and hopped down from her lap. Though she looked apathetic, she was showing a desire to go.

“This is a surprise….”

Then, the astonished Mercedes also got up.

“Alright, then.”

Hwajung looked back at Seol Jihu and snapped her fingers.

In the next instant, Seol Jihu was shocked speechless as the surrounding scenery changed.

‘This is…?’

He was inside his Seol Jihu Ramen? restaurant. He had teleported before the blink of an eye.

“What are you standing around for?”

Hwajung’s voice rang out. The four goddesses sat down at the countertop table connected to the kitchen.

“Is there no menu?”

“There’s only one dish being sold.”

“Oho. That must mean you’re confident in it.”

Hwajung shrugged.

“Alright, we’ll take four of those.”

“About the promise….”

“Don’t worry. As long as you can satisfy even one of us, I will do whatever I can to help you meet the Martial God, whether it be acting cute or threatening him.”

“I’ll take your word for it.”

Seol Jihu raised the Spear of Purity.

“Wait just one moment, please.”

Then, he began to cook.

Pouring water into pots, turning the stove on….

“Iya~ He sure is precise with his times.”

“Indeed. He stopped at exactly 0 seconds, without the slightest discrepancy.”

“He cut those noodles cleanly too.”

“…Hnng.”

Seol Jihu concentrated more than usual as he felt several eyes staring at his every movement.

It didn’t take long for the ramen to be ready.

Soon….

“Four Seol Jihu Ramen Specials coming up!”

Four bowls of ramen came out along with moderately cold white rice and a plate of well-aged kimchi for each tray.

“Let’s dig in then.”

Hwajung and Gehenna picked up a pair of chopsticks each. Mercedes picked up the spoon and tasted the soup first, and the little girl stared at her chopsticks with a glum look. Only when Seol Jihu noticed her mood and changed them to a fork did she begin to move her hand.

Slurp, slurrrp. Only the sounds of noodles and soup being tasted were heard in the restaurant.

“Mm….”

Hwajung tilted her head slightly after slurping up the noodles. She furrowed her brows a little and took another bite.

Gehenna and Mercedes did the same thing. They were both eating, but it was hard to tell what they were thinking.

Seol Jihu observed the three women nervously. Then, when about a third of the noodles were gone….

“That’s enough for me.”

Hwajung put down her chopsticks.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. He immediately thought, There’s still a lot left, though.

“I’ll stop here too.”

“Me too.”

Gehenna put her bowl down after taking a sip of the soup, and Mercedes also lowered her chopsticks and took out a napkin.

Taken aback, Seol Jihu looked at the little girl. Then, he was startled speechless. The little girl was frowning heavily and puffing up her cheeks.

“Oh my, are you okay?”

Mercedes hurriedly brought the napkin to her mouth. Ptui. Then, the girl spat out the noodles in her mouth.

“!”

Seol Jihu’s eyes split open seeing this unfold right in front of his eyes.

The girl had spat out his ramen without swallowing it. The shock from the event struck him into a daze.

“It wasn’t so bad that it warranted being spat out.”

“A bite or two was acceptable, don’t you think?”

Hwajung and Gehenna each said a few words.

“Not really.”

The little girl retorted curtly.

“Really? I didn’t think it was that bad…. It was pretty much what I expected. Nothing extraordinary.”

Hwajung gave an objective review.

“I agree completely. The rumors were exaggerated, but it wasn’t all that interesting. If anything, it was bland and weak.”

Gehenna stretched out her arms and yawned. She now looked utterly disinterested.

“Indeed. He’s certainly impressive for a human… but the dish wasn’t something I particularly would want to eat again.”

Mercedes also gave her evaluation as she tapped on her lips with a napkin.

“Any of you have anything else to say?”

“It’s bad. What else is there to say about it?”

Hearing Hwajung’s question, the little girl muttered with a frown.

“Can’t you give it a more heartfelt evaluation? He, at least, kept his manners.”

Hwajung chuckled and pointed to the kitchen. The little girl glanced at Seol Jihu before frowning.

“Ah, fine, fine.”

She then spoke in an annoyed tone.

“I considered taking a bite.”

“You spat it back out, though.”

“Hmph, why should I eat something I actually don’t want to eat?”

The little girl hopped out of her seat after the harsh criticism.

“Anyway, this is a waste of time. I’m going back.”

Then, she vanished.

“Well… if there’s something to be pointed out, it would be that I tasted hubris from the flavor.”

Mercedes spoke.

“Mn. It’s good to have a solid personal philosophy, but this was at the level of stubbornness. It wasn’t so amazing to be worthy of such pride either.”

Gehenna also added an explanation.

“That’s true. There was a glitter for sure… but a dish of this level can be found all over the universe. Perhaps I might have been moved a little had you given me the ramen you cooked for the first time in your life.”

Hwajung stopped there and raised her eyebrows. It was because she saw Seol Jihu standing frozen in the kitchen.

“Oh, um, don’t take it too hard. I didn’t think this was a waste of time. The fact that the girl who just left went back quietly without causing a scene means you did well.”

Hwajung consoled him, but Seol Jihu was still speechless.

It couldn’t be helped. His test scores so far had always been a perfect 100 points out of 100 points, but the test he just took was akin to being out of 10,000 or even infinite points.

“Anyway, you lost the bet, but it was close. I guess you could say I saw potential.”

“….”

“Well, you’re welcome to give it another try. I can offer you that much at least.”

Hwajung got up from her seat.

“Of course, you’re free to accept or reject this offer. I don’t care either way.”

“….”

“But if you want to give it a go, I’m going to have to raise the bar for what constitutes a pass. After all, Suna irritated you, and you’re the Golden Constellation.”

She took out a notepad and jotted something down.

“You should be honored. You’re the first man to get my number beside my darling.”

Hwajung ripped out the note with her number and placed it down in front of Seol Jihu. Then, she turned back without a shred of hesitation.

How much time went by?

By the time Seol Jihu came to his senses, he was standing alone in the restaurant. He had his head lowered and his hands pressing down on the kitchen table.

“….”

Seol Jihu clenched his teeth and fists until they were on the verge of breaking.

It would be a lie if he said he wasn’t confident. There had been many challengers until now. Among them were people who tried to pretend the dish was terrible when they enjoyed it. But in the end, Seol Jihu’s ramen had forced them to confess the truth.

It’s good. The two simple words that Seol Jihu had taken for granted until now, the undefeated record of his ramen…

[It’s bad. What else is there to say about it?]

…was broken today.

“Keuk…!”

Seol Jihu shut his eyes. Teardrops fell from his eyes from frustration. Humiliated and disgraced, he trembled violently. He had never shuddered so much, even in the bitter cold of winter.

He finally understood how the chefs that had their naengmyeon evaluated by him felt.

…Right, he felt like he understood them. But….

[…If there’s something to be pointed out, it would be that I tasted hubris from the flavor.]

[…This was at the level of stubbornness.]

Understanding something and accepting it were two completely different things.

“No….”

In the next instant, Seol Jihu abruptly stretched out his arm.

“There’s… no… way…!”

He tasted each of the leftover bowls of ramen. They tasted just like they always did. They were delicious. Because of it, he could not accept that they tasted bad.

“I…!”

Seol Jihu began to cook a new bowl of ramen.

As if one bowl wasn’t enough, he cooked ten, twenty… and dozens more in the next few hours.

The way he tasted them, moved them aside, and hysterically cooked a new batch was like watching a total madman.

Despite this…

“My ramen…!”

His ramen’s flavor did not change.

There was no progress.

“Uwaaaaaaah!”

In the end, Seol Jihu bellowed out his pent-up frustration. Sweeping away the bowls of ramen littered on the tables…

“Aaaaaaaah!”

He pushed the tables down.

Clang, clang!

The bowls shattered, and noodles and soup scattered all over the ground.

The quiet restaurant quickly became noisy.

That day, from a small restaurant in Eva’s alleyway, a scream of a man rang out endlessly.

It was the despairing scream of an extraordinary genius, meeting a giant wall for the first time in his life.

1. Hwajung means Essence of Fire. Went with a more romanized translation here since it is used as a name.





Side Story 13. The Star Shines Again


“Jihu~ I’m he...re?”

Baek Haeju, who entered Paradise after finishing her cafe work, sniffled. The smell of ramen had saturated Seol Jihu’s restaurant.

“Ah?”

Looking around, Baek Haeju found the restaurant in total chaos—tables and chairs toppled over, shattered bowls and plates, and splattered soup and ramen noodles that had dried up on the floor.

Lying in the middle of all this mess was Seol Jihu, looking up at the ceiling blankly.

“J-Jihu?”

“Keuhehehehe….”

Baek Haeju couldn’t tell whether he was laughing or crying.

“Why….”

A pair of shaded eyes glanced at Baek Haeju.

“Are you here… to laugh at my ramen too…?”

Baek Haeju’s eyes widened.

‘Don’t tell me.’

She had never seen Seol Jihu in so much despair and anger. Even his big-sulk state wasn’t this bad.

“Jihu!”

Baek Haeju ran up in a hurry and embraced Seol Jihu.

“It’s okay. It’s okay. I don’t know what happened, but it’s alright now….”

Seol Jihu’s expression loosened gradually.

“Don’t cry….”

Baek Haeju’s eyelids trembled as she repeatedly caressed Seol Jihu’s cheek.

“Keuk…!”

“Jihu, my Jihu….”

Inside the messy restaurant, only the crying voices of the duo rang out.

*

After returning from an expedition, Eun Yuri, Yi Seol-Ah, Chung Chohong, and Phi Sora immediately headed to Luxuria’s temple. It was because they heard from Kim Hannah that Seol Jihu was staying inside the intensive care unit like a cripple.

“Hey, Seol!”

Chung Chohong brushed off a group of Priests trying to stop her and threw the door open.

“What the hell happened!?”

Seol Jihu was lying in bed, not moving an inch like a dead fish. It seemed he hadn’t eaten for days as he looked like a skeleton.

“What…. Just who did this to you…!?”

Chohong couldn’t hide her shock after seeing his state.

Seol Jihu’s head flopped to the side. After looking at the speechless Chohong…

“Ah….”

Transparent tears streamed down his face.

“Cho….”

“Yeah, it’s me! Me! Can you recognize me?”

“Chohong….”

“That’s right! Why are you crying, dude!? Don’t cry!”

“Chohong…!”

In the end, he burst out crying. Unable to hold back his tears, Seol Jihu ran into Chohong’s embrace.

Chohong hugged Seol Jihu in the heat of the moment and patted his back. She was taken aback in the next moment, though, as Seol Jihu dug into her breasts like a drill.

“T-That’s right. A grown-up man shouldn’t be crying.”

Rub, rub~

“Just tell me who did this.”

Rub, rub~

“Come on. Tell me what happened! I’ll grab my Thorn of Steel and….”

Rub, rub~

“...That’s enough, you son of a bitch!”

Chohong kicked Seol Jihu off.

“Ah, what was that for!?”

Seeing Seol Jihu thrown to the bed, Yi Seol-Ah yelled in fright.

“Look at this!”

Chohong pointed at her chest area and yelled. Her shirt was stained with Seol Jihu’s tears and snot.

“Come on! He’s emotionally hurt!”

Yi Seol-Ah glared at Chohong before opening her arms to Seol Jihu.

“Orabeo-nim! Over here!”

“No, come here.”

Eun Yuri also spread her arms out.

Seol Jihu looked back and forth between the two women…

“....”

...before making a very disappointed face.

How should he put it? It was as if they weren’t enough to satisfy him.

Then, seeing Phi Sora, who was dazedly standing in the back, he immediately got up and trudged over.

“Miss Phi Sora….”

“Hmm?”

“Miss Phi Sora…!”

“Eeeh? Why are you targeting me?”

“Is my ramen… bad…?”

Seol Jihu blurted out an abrupt question. Phi Sora flinched while trying to push off the stealthily clinging Seol Jihu.

“...No, it’s delicious.”

“Delicious…?”

“Yes. You know I go crazy for it. Why, did someone say it was bad?”

Seol Jihu’s complexion darkened noticeably. Recalling what happened that day, strength escaped his limbs. It was so bad that he gave up on Phi Sora’s breasts and trudged back to his bed.

“Wait a minute, is that what this is about?”

Phi Sora asked while dusting her clothes.

Seol Jihu dejectedly dropped his head in response.

“Just because of that…!?”

Phi Sora muttered dumbfoundedly before smacking her lips. It was because she remembered the absurd status window Ira showed her not too long ago. No matter what, Seol Jihu’s passion for his ramen was real.

“Come on, hold your head up high! People have different tastes. It’s only natural for some people not to like it!”

It was then.

“I agree as well.”

An aged voice suddenly barged in.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

“Master Ian?”

Ian was standing by the door. Next to him was Seo Yuhui, who was looking at him with worried eyes. Since Seol Jihu wasn’t showing signs of getting better, she had brought Ian to Paradise as a special measure.

“I heard what happened. You suffered a loss, huh?”

Ian walked in with a gentle smile.

“I won’t say it’s not a big deal since you’re a restaurant owner and a chef. But satisfying everyone’s taste is a very, very difficult thing. You might even say that it’s near impossible.”

“Right….”

“All you can do is try your best to satisfy everyone as much as possible. Failure is only natural in that process. Haven’t you heard of the saying, failure is the mother of all success?”

“I have… but….”

Seol Jihu gave a sorrowful, bitter smile.

“I guess… it was only natural for me to fail….”

Right, the opponents he faced were too difficult. Satisfying the palates of Heaven-rank 9 gods wasn’t something a mere human could do.

“I must have dreamed too big.”

A dream that could never come true.

“When there’s nothing you can do… right, that would be when you should give up.”

Seol Jihu dropped his head. It seemed as if he had given up completely.

Seeing this, Ian’s expression sank. He seemed a little angry, as well.

“This reminds me of the past.”

Ian spoke.

“Do you remember when we first met?”

“Pardon…?”

“During the Forest of Denial expedition, I mean. Surely, you remember what I said to you when we first met.”

Ian said while stroking his white beard.

“My friend, do you like titties?”

Seol Jihu doubted his ears. Just what the heck was Ian talking about all of a sudden?

“Master Ian, I’m not sure what you’re….”

“Just answer me. Do you like them?”

“...Yes.”

“I don’t know. I think your answer is too half-hearted.”

Ian chuckled.

“To me, it doesn’t look like you do.”

Seol Jihu blinked.

“You are a fan of big titties. You don’t even glance at small ones. Wouldn’t it be right to say you’re into big titties and not all titties?”

“...Master Ian, excuse me, but I’m not following what you’re trying to say.”

What Ian said wasn’t wrong by any means. It wasn’t as if Seol Jihu disagreed, but he just couldn’t understand how his taste in titties had anything to do with this matter.

“Hmm….”

Ian stared at Seol Jihu. He seemed a little disappointed and regretful.

“I didn’t believe it at first… but it seems the rumors were true.”

“Rumors?”

“Mmm. Rumors that the hero and legend of Paradise, who exterminated even the Parasite Queen, fell into a rut and lost his former glory.”

Seol Jihu furrowed his brows. There was no way he wouldn’t know who Ian was talking about.

“If it were the man I knew….”

If it were the man who risked his life at Arden Valley to lure the Parasites, brought up the incredible Delphinion Duchy Laboratory rescue plan, and led the Spirit Realm expedition to success despite countless hurdles blocking his way…

“Then, at the very least, he would have thought about this matter again and racked his brain to solve the problem.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes slowly narrowed.

“Well, I understand. A long time has gone by since then.”

Ian clicked his tongue.

“Still, I’m disappointed.”

Those words were the final straw.

Seol Jihu’s face contorted.

Clunk!

The bed shook.

Seol Jihu shot up and glared at Ian.

Ian, however, brushed off his piercing gaze.

“J-Jihu!”

“Master Ian!”

A few women stepped between them.

After glaring at Ian for some time…

“Ah, okay, I’m sorry to disappoint you.”

Seol Jihu muttered a few words before stomping past him.

Koong!

He slammed the door shut, and his footsteps quickly grew further away.

“Master Ian….”

Not sure what to do, Seo Yuhui sent Ian a resentful look.

“You shouldn’t have been so harsh. He’s already in a great shock….”

Ian closed his eyes and sighed.

“Anybody here wants to be my drinking buddy for today?”

He spoke with a hint of bitterness.

“I don’t feel too good. I’m going to need alcohol to soothe my stomach.”

Smacking his lips at the bitter taste, he turned around.

*

“Hmph!”

Seol Jihu stomped out of the temple in a huff.

‘What? I fell into a rut? He’s disappointed?’

He was dumbstruck, just thinking about it. He felt wronged.

‘He doesn’t know anything.’

I did everything I could. I tried my best!

‘He doesn’t even know who I’m up against…!’

What would Master Ian be able to do against Heaven-rank 9 gods? Seol Jihu grumbled angrily.

Walking while lost in thought, Seol Jihu found himself in front of his restaurant. After glaring at it for a long time, Seol Jihu tore off the ‘Temporarily Closed’ sign and shouted.

“We’re open!”

Because of his loud voice, his surroundings immediately buzzed.

“We’re open for business! We’re open for business!”

After shouting a couple more times, Seol Jihu walked in angrily and prepared to open the shop.

As the restaurant had been closed for a long time, a large crowd quickly gathered and filled up the available seats in the restaurant.

‘This is more like it.’

Every customer couldn’t hide their shock at the flavor of the ramen and left satisfied.

‘This is my ramen. This is normal. Those goddesses were the strange ones.’

It was fine even if people called him out for being complacent. A pine caterpillar should eat pine leaves, not oak leaves.

“Iya~ I can never get enough of this.”

“Exactly! You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to eat this again!”

“Do you want me to teach you a way to make it tastier?”

“How?”

Seeing a couple that was happily enjoying his ramen, Seol Jihu smiled in satisfaction.

‘I wasn’t… wrong.’

It was then.

“Take a closer look. You put this in and then….”

Seol Jihu jumped in a startle. It was because the man took out canned tuna and poured it into the ramen bowl.

“W-Wait!”

When Seol Jihu shouted, the couple looked back at him, confused.

“That….”

“Yes?”

“That isn’t how you eat ramen….”

“Hmm? Is there a set way to eat ramen?”

The woman asked.

“Of course, not. The best way is to eat it how you like it.”

And hearing the man’s reply, Seol Jihu became speechless.

“But… the ramen has its original flavor….”

“What original flavor? Besides, why do you care how we eat it? I know plenty of people who do this!”

The man continued.

“It’s written on the ramen pack too. That you can add green onions and other ingredients to make it better.”

“Exactly.”

The woman pouted.

‘W-What?’

Seol Jihu hurriedly ran to the trash can and looked for a ramen pack. Then, when he read the back…

“!”

His eyes split open.

He gasped. He had a shocked expression as if he was punched in the back of his head.

‘No….’

Seol Jihu’s eyes trembled.

‘No way….’

His hands, which were clutching onto the ramen pack, shuddered as well. Everything he believed in until now came crumbling down at once.

“H-Hold on….”

“What is it now?”

“Just, just one spoonful is fine. Please let me have a taste of the soup….”

Seol Jihu took a spoonful of the ramen soup mixed with canned tuna.

He closed his eyes as soon as he put the spoon in his mouth.

He couldn’t tell whether it was good. No, it certainly was. What was important was that a unique flavor had been added to the original one. It was the new flavor Seol Jihu had been searching for all this time.

Tk. The soup spoon fell from Seol Jihu’s hand.

Seol Jihu lifted his chin and looked up at the ceiling.

‘I see….’

[People have different tastes.]

[You are a fan of big titties. You don’t even glance at small ones. Wouldn’t it be right to say you’re into big titties and not all titties?]

The words Phi Sora and Ian said, Seol Jihu finally understood them.

“...Ah.”

He regained his senses. In the next moment, Seol Jihu ran out of the restaurant, leaving everything else behind.

“Master Ian! Master Ian!”

He ran around the city, looking for Ian crazily.

Ian was drinking wine at the pub, his nose completely red from inebriation.

Crash, crash!

A crashing sound was heard outside. Having finished his glass just then, Ian blinked.

“Master Ian…!”

Seol Jihu was running toward him, panting.

“I’m sorry.”

He knelt down as soon as he reached Ian.

“I’m truly sorry. I was wrong.”

“....”

“Please… please give me your teachings.”

Ian fixedly stared at the kneeling Seol Jihu.

Seol Jihu looked more desperate than ever before.

“...Let me ask you again.”

Ian asked softly.

“My friend, do you like titties?”

Hearing this...

“...Yes.”

Seol Jihu nodded firmly.

“I love them.”

He spoke in a choking voice.

“I’m not lying this time.”

“...Heh.”

A gentle smile surfaced on Ian’s face.

“Haha, hahahaha!”

Then, he burst into a hearty laughter. Putting down the glass in his hand, he got up.

“I knew you would come to your senses!”

“Master Ian, I—”

“It’s fine, I understand. Now get up. I will share with you some of my valuable knowledge.”

“Master Ian…!”

“Get up! A legend shouldn’t kneel to others so easily!”

Ian personally pulled Seol Jihu up.

“Let’s go. You and I have a lot to talk about today.”

Ian grinned. Seol Jihu also smiled and nodded his head.

Soon, the two chummy men left the pub.

“....”

“....”

After they left, silence descended in the pub. Seeing Seol Jihu’s figure disappear into the distance, Chohong rubbed her nose. She looked like she didn’t understand what she just saw.

“...Hey.”

“Don’t ask me!”

When she turned her head and asked, Phi Sora quickly retorted.

“I, I don’t know either. I gave up on trying to understand him long ago.”

Waving her hand and shaking her head, Phi Sora distanced herself from the situation.

“Haaaaa….”

Meanwhile, Kim Hannah sighed and raised the glass that Ian put down. After chugging down the remaining contents, she placed her hand on Phi Sora’s back and patted without a word.

*

Kwaaaaaa!

In the middle of a gushing waterfall, one man was sitting cross-legged.

It was Seol Jihu.

After talking with Ian, he had come here to organize his thoughts.

‘I was wrong from the start.’

The three goddesses had not been wrong. Thinking about it now, there wasn’t just one standard in how to cook ramen. One manufacturer might say 550mL while another might say 500mL. As if not knowing this wasn’t enough, Seol Jihu had not even read the packaging properly.

—To control the amount of sodium, please put in the soup powder in an amount that is right for you.

—Depending on your preference, put in green onions and eggs to enhance the flavor.

Those were the words that Seol Jihu read on the back of the ramen pack.

‘Depending on your preference.’

Until now, he had ignored these words completely.

Of course, it wasn’t a bad thing to keep to the basics. But like Gehenna said, in that case, Seol Jihu should have shown something surpassing a simple change while keeping true to the basics.

Seol Jihu had failed to do so.

Instead, he wasn’t even trying.

For someone who was using ramen made by others, he had not even tried to change the tap water to higher quality water.

Despite this, he was telling his customers that the way he made his ramen was the best.

What would that be if not stubbornness and hubris? A crappy philosophy based on arrogance?

Having come to this realization, Seol Jihu could not hide his embarrassment.

‘This isn’t the time to be standing around.’

Seol Jihu’s eyes shot open, a sharp glint flickering within them.

Then, as he raised his body with great force…

Rumble!

Something mystical happened.

The waterfall soared to the night sky.

By nature, water fell from top to bottom. However, Seol Jihu’s energy twisted this natural law for a moment as he walked out to the riverbank.

A golden light flashed in the dark night sky.

The slumbering golden star had begun to shine again.

*

Seol Jihu left Paradise that day and went back to Earth.

A few days later, an unbelievable rumor began to circulate inside Valhalla. It was that Seol Jihu had gotten a job at a ramen factory. Apparently, he had also caught the manager’s eye, got his skills acknowledged, and was promoted to the development team.

But when a few Valhalla members went to check up on the truth of the matter, they could only confirm that he had quit.

Seol Jihu had entered the ramen company to get back to the basics. He wanted to see how ramen was manufactured and learn the process.

Next, Seol Jihu left on a trip. Famous restaurants naturally had a reason for being so. Seol Jihu visited every renowned ramen restaurant in Korea without exception. And whenever he found a place he liked, he pestered the head chef.

“Please! Please teach me your recipe…!”

“Impossible! I went through all sorts of struggles for 10 years to develop this recipe!”

“I’m not asking you to give it to me for free! I will pay…!”

“Hah! Keep on dreaming! Even 100 million won wouldn’t be enough to move me!”

Seol Jihu took out 200 million won. The head chef made a dumbfounded face.

“Are you insulting my life’s work? I don’t need your damn money.”

Seol Jihu took out another 300 million.

“Stop! My passion, which I’ve traded my youth for, cannot be bought by money!”

Seol Jihu took out another 500 million.

“I’ve been feeling under the weather recently and have been looking for a successor. With your passion, I would love to entrust this recipe to you.”

Just like that, he traveled all over the country to obtain different recipes for research.

When he finished his travel in Korea, he turned his eyes outside. It wasn’t just Japan. If there was a well-known ramen restaurant, he visited without discrimination.

Only when he finished his travels did he come back to Paradise.

He was not done yet. Seol Jihu’s travels continued in Paradise.

He plowed fields or went on solitary expeditions. He did not spare any effort to obtain even slightly higher quality water.

For example, he went to the Spirit Realm and visited the World Tree’s lake or battled demonic creatures slumbering in ancient caves to find heavenly essences.

There was even a time he searched uncharted territories to find the mythical Mountain of Beginnings, where Pangu was said to be sealed, and locate the river water flowing through heaven and earth.

Going around the world in madness, he succeeded in finding appropriate ingredients, but that still was not enough.

‘Mindblowing.’

Seol Jihu wanted to break away from the ramen he had always been making and create his own mindblowing ramen.

Doing so alone proved to be difficult. He needed the help of someone who knew ramen as much as he did. And so, Seol Jihu entered the Path of the Soul.

“Everyone might have different tastes, but you still need to keep to a certain standard. No one wants to eat a soggy….”

“I know that. The problem is….”

Seol Jihu passionately discussed the way of ramen with Black Seol Jihu, researching and developing anew.

Meanwhile, seeing Seol Jihu’s actions, existences all over the universe swallowed their saliva.

*

A cold, breath-fogging winter arrived.

“So cold~”

Ahn Sol walked in while shivering from the cold.

The people inside greeted her.

“You’re a bit late today.”

“Yeah, something came up right before work ended….”

“What about dinner?”

“I haven’t eaten yet~”

Ahn Sol looked sullen.

“It’s so cold today. I kept thinking about getting hot ramen soup on my way home~”

“Ramen, huh.”

Hwajung muttered.

Ahn Sol looked surprised. Hwajung was usually never interested in what a human had to say.

“Ah, I was just reminded of someone.”

Hwajung chuckled.

“I wonder what happened~? It’s been a while, and he hasn’t called. Well, I had forgotten about him until now too.”

“Now that you mention it, the universe has been stirring recently.”

Mercedes murmured calmly.

“Is it? Why don’t we take a look then? Let’s see….”

Hwajung took out her phone.

Then, she furrowed her brows slightly.

“...Oh?”

With a snort, she immediately typed up a message. Less than a minute later, her phone buzzed.

“Was he waiting for it? He responded instantly… hmm?”

Hwajung’s eyes widened after reading the text.

“Haha!”

She then tilted her head back and burst into laughter.

“Ahahaha! This kid is hilarious!”

Seeing Hwajung laugh, a few people gathered around her. Hwajung showed her phone, revealing the following text message.

[I’ve been waiting, Madam. I will attend to you faithfully today.]

“Madam, huh…. He surely has good eyes.”

Hwajung chuckled while wiping the tears around her eyes.

Turning the phone off, she got up and looked back at everyone.

“Anybody wanna go eat ramen tonight?”

*

And so, Hwajung, dressed up in a fancy white suit and wearing a black, luxury handbag, led the Martial God’s remaining fifteen wives. Accompanying them was a red-haired little girl.

A total of 17 people visited ‘Seol Jihu Ramen?’.

Seol Jihu was not flustered. Not only did he make ample preparations, but he also had not forgotten Hwajung’s words that he would be judged more strictly the second time around.

“Welcome.”

A deep, slightly hoarse voice rang out.

Having entered the store, most of the 17 people could not hide their shock. Goh Yeonju did not even recognize Seol Jihu at first. His disheveled hair and shaggy beard made him look like a hermit who had trained for several dozen years in a mountain.

However, his eyes were clear. Burning with passion, Seol Jihu’s affable pupils were emitting an elegant light.

That wasn’t all.

‘What…?’

‘That person…. Just who is he…? This pressure….’

Seven or so people flinched. Even Goh Yeonju gulped from a rising nervousness.

The man in front of them was giving off a dignified divine aura. The terrifying intensity was something even Gehenna, Mercedes, and Hwajung did not dare to estimate at a simple glance.

“Hoh…!”

Hwrrrrr!

A destructive fire rose from Gehenna’s eyes.

“W-What are you doing?”

“Let go of me. It’s been a while since my competitive spirit has been provoked!”

Ahn Sol dissuaded her, but Gehenna did not listen. Her lava-colored hair rose up as if she would start a fight at any moment.

“How scary~”

Mercedes also observed Seol Jihu with her eyes open.

“To come this far…. What a terrifying growth speed. It’s been a while since I felt like I lost before the fight even began.”

A permafrost energy flowed out from her icy, transparent eyes.

“...I told you, it’s better not to irritate him.”

Hwajung snickered.

“...Hmph.”

The red-haired little girl snorted.

“Anyone who doesn’t have the confidence to eat his ramen should leave now.”

With hard-to-understand words, she walked forward and took a seat.

“Everyone else, please follow me.”

Seol Jihu spoke solemnly and turned back.

Hwajun asked.

“What about the menu? Do you still only have one dish?”

Seol Jihu opened his palm in reply.

Chwaaarak!

17 papers safely landed in front of each woman.

There was only one item on it. However, from the thickness of the noodles to the garnish that went on the soup, there were dozens of checkboxes that the customer could use to customize their dish.

“Haha, now this is more like it.”

Hwajung picked up a pen in joy.

The others did the same.

“What should I get~?”

“Spicy, I need spicy ramen….”

They marked the menus to their preference and turned them in. After going through the paper slips, Seol Jihu tied the sash around his waist tight.

Under the gazes of many women….

“Then.”

He stood alone in the kitchen and raised the Spear of Purity.

“I will begin now.”





Side Story 14. For 17 Years


Seol Jihu took out 17 pots one after the other.

A light flickered in one woman’s eyes after staring at the glossy surface of the black pots. They looked just like any other pot, but she could sense the strange mana surrounding them.

“These aren’t just regular pots, are they?”

Seol Jihu activated the Nine Eyes. Fortunately, he could see the woman’s status window this time. Her name was Jegal Haesol. She was a magician of a fearsome caliber.

“No, they’re not.”

He answered, taking a bottle of water out of the ice bucket.

“I only made these pots recently. They’re made of Lipiritur.”

“Lipiritur? These look pretty reflective….”

“You’re spot on. Lipiritur ores are naturally reflective. But for these pots, I’ve modified them to reflect only the taste, smell, and heat.”

“Hmm…. But couldn’t you just cover the pot with a lid?”

“A lid will definitely help the noodles cook through completely, but it’s less efficient. Moreover, when putting the noodles into a pot, there is an average difference of 0.17 seconds from the time the first strand reaches the water till the last strand reaches the water. These ores help reduce that difference.”

A look of slight repulsion crossed Jegal Haesol’s face. Seol Jihu’s explanation was logical, but there was something creepy about his thoroughness.

“Look…. I don’t know if you’re serious or just making fun of me, but if you are serious, you should consider becoming a magician.”

Jegal Haesol chuckled, crossing her legs.

Seol Jihu said nothing and concentrated on pouring water.

“Oh? Is that actually water?”

Another woman widened her eyes in surprise at the sight of the water falling into the pot. This water was strikingly clear, almost invisible. There was a cool, refreshing smell about it that strangely enough made her feel invigorated.

“I got this water from the Mountain of Beginnings.”

Seol Jihu explained to the woman named Jung Hayeon, who was also known as Mage of the Blue Moon.

“This water was formed when the world was first born. It’s free of all impurities and contamination. I strongly recommend it to those who prefer a fresh, clean taste.”

“I-I see….”

Jung Hayeon blinked her eyes. So even the water was one of a kind.

She never thought this place would be an ordinary restaurant from the moment she heard about it from Hwajung. Yet the reality surpassed even her wildest expectations.

“What’s that?”

A different woman asked when she saw Seol Jihu pull out another bottle of water. She was one of the four women he met at SY Apartments, who equaled Seo Yuhui in terms of— Anyway, her name was Im Hannah, not Kim Hannah.

“This is groundwater from the subterranean world.”

Seol Jihu answered calmly and poured the water. The liquid emitting a blue aura fell into the pot, swaying like a fire in the wind.

“It’s extremely hot due to the influence of lava. It looks blue now because I cooled it down, but even the slightest amount of heat can turn it red. I recommend this to those who crave a strong taste.”

“Hoh….”

Gehenna let out a small exclamation of surprise. Lava ramen? Now she really couldn’t wait for it.

Seol Jihu turned on the stove and quickened his speed. He would be racing against time from here on. He had to move as quickly as possible as there were many requests to be fulfilled, one of which required 30 pieces of chashu toppings.

“Woah….”

The Mercenary Queen, Yi Yoojung, gulped in admiration at the sight of the huge chunk of meat that Seol Jihu was now slicing. She had never seen a piece of meat, so pink and succulent.

On the other hand, Kim Hanbyul’s gaze had been fixed on the mushroom-shaped vegetables for quite some time now. They looked soft and smelled wonderful. She gulped in anticipation, imagining how they would taste in her mouth.

“That meat….”

“Those mushroom-like things….”

In the end, they could no longer resist their curiosity and began to rain questions on the chef.

‘Look at that.’

Hwajung was impressed. Seol Jihu’s ramen had already succeeded in attracting his customers’ attention, and the situation was leaning in his favor.

‘Still, the taste is the most important factor…. Hmm?’

The big dough Seol Jihu took out the next moment caught even Hwajung’s eye. It was no ordinary dough, evident by the golden light surrounding it. And strangely, the dough seemed to get more and more viscous over time even though Seol Jihu had not put a single drop of water in it.

“What’s that?”

“Wheat.”

Seol Jihu said simply.

“I ground the rice grains into powder and kneaded it. The natives of the area where I found this rice call them ‘golden rice’.”

Seol Jihu continued.

“I can’t say much because it’s a trade secret…. But to put it simply, first, I boil red beans in water sprinkled with sun-dried salt. Then I mash the boiled beans and apply them to the jar where I store the dough. Finally, I put the dough in the jar and ferment it. This removes all unpleasant odors from the dough and creates viscosity.”

Suddenly, Seol Jihu’s hands stopped.

Hwajung widened her eyes.

The dough was now shining with majestic golden light.

“Please excuse me. I have to concentrate now.”

Seol Jihu put another pot on the stove and threw the golden dough into the air.

And then….

Papapat!

The dough was sliced into 17 equal pieces midair. No one even saw Seol Jihu’s spear move.

“M-Mind Spear?”

The housekeeper, Cha Sorim’s eyes widened in surprise.

The dough did not fall. Like a spinning top, it spun round and round in the air. Then, after a while, it began to disintegrate like a peel coming off a fruit to the precise thickness each customer had asked for.

“Limitlessness…!”

The Sword Empress, Nam Da-Eun, gasped in shock.

But Seol Jihu was far from done.

The seventeen lumps of dough soon turned into long strands of noodles and fell in a spiral toward the pot.

Thousand Stream Convergence.

The noodles were thrown into the pot at the same time that the first bubble rose through the boiling water.

Silence descended upon the room. Everyone gathered was experienced enough to immediately recognize the complexity of the techniques that Seol Jihu had just used to make the noodles.

But soon, this silence was replaced by sniffing sounds. The kitchen was now filled with all sorts of smells—the aroma of meat roasting over the straw fire, the smell of blanched vegetables…. Not to mention the enigmatic fragrance of the noodles.

All these scents combined to give off an immeasurably rich and delicious aroma.

They couldn’t resist anymore.

“How much longer do we have to wait?”

“Come on, hurry up!”

Some complained, some whined.

“I’m almost done.”

Seol Jihu scooped the noodles out of the pot, then quickly placed them in ice water. Suddenly, a look of surprise flashed across everyone’s faces.

“The noodles…?”

They were moving as if they were alive. As soon as the noodles touched the ice water, they began to bounce up and down like a ball.

The water he had put on the stove earlier was now shining bright gold. Seol Jihu threw all the ingredients into the pot and stirred carefully. He waited long enough for the flavors of the ingredients to melt into the soup and then calibrated the taste with his secret soy sauce and fragrant liquor. Finally, he moved the noodles into each pot and decorated them with the toppings that the customers had chosen themselves.

No one could take their eyes off him while all this was happening.

Seol Jihu’s fingertips were shining.

He hadn’t even activated Spear God, but his whole body was emitting a golden glow.

Unable to withstand his glare, those watching closed their eyes.

Tak!

They flinched at the sound that followed.

Suddenly a rich aroma overwhelmed their nostrils.

They opened their eyes slowly and saw a brightly shining bowl of ramen on the tabletop in front of them.

“Here is the ramen you ordered.”

A quiet voice rang out.

“Please enjoy.”

Seol Jihu lowered his spear.

Silence ensued. They all stared at the ramen bowl in front of them before simultaneously picking up their chopsticks. Their faces looked solemn, almost reverent.

“This is gonna be good….”

Yi Yoojung, who picked up a big slice of chashu with the noodles, gulped loudly.

“This can’t not be good….”

Pushing her hair off her face, she brought the chopsticks to her mouth.

Slurp!

And the moment she slurped in the noodles….

“Eut!”

Yi Yoojung’s eyes widened. Her head leaned back, and her body became stiff. With her eyes fixed on the ceiling, she began to tremble.

The same was true for Jung Hayeon.

“!?”

The noodles rolled like a wave inside her mouth. She felt as if a tornado of flavors was sweeping through her mouth.

“Eup! Euuuuup!”

Jung Hayeon covered her mouth and groaned. Tears began to well up in her eyes, full of confusion and shock.

Han Soyoung frowned as she watched the two. No matter how delicious this ramen is, I refuse to be anything like them. With renewed determination, she carefully slurped the noodles.

And then….

*Heeeeut!”

Her back arched against her will.

‘These noodles…!’

They were dancing in her mouth. At first, they seemed to flow peacefully like a river, but now they were doing the tango. Their movements could also be described as a well-choreographed figure skating program.

‘No, no….’

Panicking, Han Soyoung quickly chewed the noodles. But this only made the situation even more confusing. The elasticity of the noodles pushing lightly against her teeth harmonized with their soft, chewy texture and created music in her mouth. Then, all of a sudden, the noodles melted over her tongue, leaving behind a creamy aftertaste.

“Ah, ah…!”

A moan escaped Han Soyoung’s lips. She could now understand the reactions of the two. She knew she had to swallow but couldn’t. She wanted to keep this taste in her mouth for as long as possible until she died—no, even after she died.

As Han Soyoung hardly managed to resist the temptation and swallow….

—Haaaa~!

A burst of exclamation rang in the air.

Han Soyoung wasn’t the only one. Everyone else in the room was also breathing hard, their faces red and sweaty.

“NOOOOO! It’s good! It’s soooo good!”

Jegal Haesol cried.

“I spent my whole life without this ramen! I feel cheateeddd!”

The grand magician wailed as she continued stuffing her face with the ramen.

“You’re right…. This is good.”

Mercedes looked relatively calm, inspecting the taste in her mouth.

“This water is from the Mountain of Beginnings, you said? It really does have an exceptionally clean taste. The ingredients are amazing, but I’d also like to praise your….”

She paused in the middle of her sentence because she noticed that her bowl was already almost empty. Her brain ordered her to remain calm, but her hands would just not listen to reason.

“This… could be bad….”

With a troubled look, Mercedes cupped her cheek in her hand.

‘I’m serious…. This is bad…. For me to lose track of myself….’

She chewed her lips. She knew she had to stop here, or else she would not be able to live without this ramen from now on.

However….

‘I… I give up….’

Her hand was already lifting a spoonful of soup into her mouth. She had succumbed to the temptation.

Next to Mercedes, Gehenna was holding her bowl in both hands and drinking from it.

“Huuuu!”

Kwrrrrr!

Flames shot out of her nose and mouth, but she seemed not in the least aware of this.

“Unnng…!”

Hwajung, too, let out a groan. A look of surprise covered her face.

‘I didn’t know it would be this good….’

As soon as she took a bite, her eyes dropped to the bowl. She could not find the words to describe the taste in her mouth. It was that remarkable.

‘But for it to affect us this much…. Now I’m worried about the others….’

Hwajung looked around. The restaurant was already in a big mess. Most people had gotten up from their chairs and were dancing and slurping ramen. Even Cha Sorim, who was usually quiet, was bouncing her shoulders up and down like a Friday-night clubber.

Surprisingly, the dancers were the most normal of the group. Vivian was wriggling on the floor like a worm, trying to imitate the movement of a ramen noodle. Seraph stood upright, raised both arms into the air, and swung her body back and forth.

“Noodle…! I am a noodle…!”

She claimed that she was a noodle.

“How come I can see The Angelus…?”

Yoo Hyun-Ah wiped the tears from her eyes as she stared into the empty air.

“I can see you, Mister Chef…! I can see you plowing the fields and harvesting rice… all for the sake of this ramen…!”

She seemed to be hallucinating.

“What a mess….”

Hwajung clicked her tongue. Then she glanced to her side and let out a soft chuckle.

“You’re holding up pretty well.”

She was looking at Goh Yeonju.

“….”

Goh Yeonju’s face was completely stiff.

“You are having a tough time, aren’t you?”

“What…!?”

“Your lips can deny all they want, but your actions speak for themselves.”

Indeed, Goh Yeonju’s shoulders and hands were shaking by themselves. She was desperately fighting the urge to just get up and join the dancers behind her.

“Or should I say that your lips are also honest?”

Hwajung smirked as she looked down at Goh Yeonju’s bowl, which was already empty.

“Don’t you want more?”

“Keuk…!”

Goh Yeonju clenched her teeth. She seemed frustrated, but her mouth opened slowly regardless of her will.

“If you want more, you should just say so.”

“I…!”

“Go on, say it. Just be honest with yourself.”

Hwajung whispered, and Goh Yeonju lowered her head.

Her throat moved as she swallowed.

“One more….”

“What?”

“Give me….”

“I can’t hear you. You need to speak louder.”

Goh Yeonju raised her head with a grunt.

Her face was still full of indignation, but her eyes gleamed with an intense need.

“Please…!”

Finally, she said it.

“Please…! Give me one more bowl…!”

She begged with tears in her voice.

“…Order received.”

Seol Jihu said quietly and placed another pot on the stove.

While cooking, he noticed the little girl sitting in the corner of the restaurant.

He had seen her once before.

“Whaa…. Woahhh….”

The girl’s fork busily moved between the bowl and her cherry-colored lips. Exclamations rang out incessantly.

‘She finally looks like a normal kid.’

Seol Jihu smiled quietly at the girl’s chubby cheeks and her cute smile. He already thought it was cute that she specifically ordered ham ramen, but the way she ate it was even cuter.

“Yummy…. Hmm?”

Suddenly, their eyes met.

“Ah!”

The girl flinched before suddenly feigning a solemn expression. She raised her fork again in an aloof manner and tried to resume eating. However….

“!”

Her bowl was already empty.

Flustered, the girl quickly glanced at the kitchen. She saw that Seol Jihu was still staring at her.

“Eek!”

A sound of frustration burst from her mouth.

Seol Jihu let out a chuckle before approaching the girl.

“How’s your ramen, Miss?”

He asked in a polite voice.

“Ba-Bad?”

The girl answered in a sullen tone.

“So it was bad. I see. My apologies.”

“Hmph!”

“Do you mind telling me what exactly you didn’t like about the food? I’ll try to improve next time.”

“Uh…. I mean…. Ummmmm….”

The girl hesitated. It seemed she was desperately trying to think of what to say but to no avail.

“I dunno!”

“You don’t know?”

“I can’t help it!”

The girl shouted in anger.

“How am I supposed to judge when I’ve only had one bowl? I need like 10 more bowls!”

“Hmm…. But I’m afraid you won’t like them again…. Do you still want them?”

“T-That’s….”

She pouted.

“Come on…. Just give me…. I won’t know unless I have more….”

Tears began to well up in the girl’s eyes as she pushed her empty bowl forward.

Seol Jihu laughed inwardly.

“I would like seconds as well.”

Gehenna chimed in.

“Don’t mind that kid. She’s been like that from the moment she was born. Not kidding.”

With that, Seol Jihu decided he'd had enough fun and headed back to the kitchen.

He asked as he pulled another lump of dough out of the jar.

“Anyone else want seconds?”

*

Dinner was finally over.

Everyone was satisfied—perhaps too satisfied—with the food.

“Thank you.”

Hwajung expressed her gratitude.

“I didn’t know the day would come when I understood humans.”

Gods didn’t need food to survive. Rather, it made no difference whether they ate or not.

“I always thought it was inconvenient…. Today, I enjoyed consuming food for the first time in my life.”

“I’m glad you liked it.”

“You’re too modest.”

As Hwajung turned her gaze around the room, she sighed. She saw that Kim Hanbyul’s face was still buried in her bowl. She was licking the bowl, almost as if she had been possessed by the spirit of a dog.

“Wake up. We have to go home now.”

Hwajung flicked her fingers.

Hwrrrrr!

Crimson flames surrounded Kim Hanbyul.

“…Ah?”

Kim Hanbyul raised her head, but only for a moment. She looked around in confusion before bringing her face back to the bowl.

“Looks like it’s my turn now.”

Gehenna stretched her arm.

Kwrrrrr!

A wave of lava swept over Kim Hanbyul.

She finally came to her senses after being purified by both the best and the strongest fire.

“If the two of you have to work together…. This ramen may really be too much for regular humans.”

Mercedes clicked her tongue.

“Anyway, we lost.”

Hwajung said.

“There’s no room for complaints. I’m sure everyone will agree with me.”

She was straightforward.

“It sucks that we lost, but… I’ve never felt this good after losing.”

“You’re right. This was a delicious defeat, indeed.”

Gehenna and Mercedes agreed as well.

“Golden Constellation…. Be my personal chef…. Hehe….”

The little girl had fallen asleep on Mercedes’ back after eating to her heart’s content. Judging from the smile on her face, she seemed to be having a happy dream.

“We lost, which means we have to keep our promise.”

“You mean….”

“Are you open tomorrow?”

“Of course.”

“Good.”

Hwajung smiled.

“A man will visit this restaurant tomorrow night.”

And he did.

The next day. After finishing a day’s worth of work, Seol Jihu was waiting for the promised guest to come when suddenly he heard the small bell attached to the door chime.

“Excuse me.”

A deep voice rang out from the direction of the door.

“Welco….”

Seol Jihu paused in the middle of his sentence.

He saw a man walk through the open door.

Neat hair, kind eyes with well-formed, masculine features…. The man standing in front of him was unusually handsome. And for some reason, Seol Jihu instantly felt a kinship with him.

‘So this man is….’

The Martial God. Kim Soohyun.

Their gazes met in the air.

‘…Should I try the Nine Eyes?’

He wasn’t sure whether it would work or not, but he was curious.

However, just as he was about to activate the Nine Eyes….

Seol Jihu blinked.

‘Huh?’

The Nine Eyes had once again activated automatically.

And this time, its effect didn’t end as fast as last time.

‘What’s going on?’

Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, purple, black, and gold…. Nine colors filled his vision in a flash. He could sense that the Nine Eyes was angry. It was trying to push something away from Seol Jihu.

Then, in the next moment, he felt something quickly retreat away from him. At the same time, the effect of the Nine Eyes slowly faded. When his vision returned to normal, Seol Jihu noticed that he and Kim Soohyun had been staring at each other for a while.

“What the…. The Third Eye backed away…? I haven’t seen that before….”

Kim Soohyun muttered words Seol Jihu couldn’t understand. Then, after a brief pause, he did a double-take.

“Ah. My wives told me they loved your ramen… so I thought I’d drop by. Are you still open?”

Confused, Seol Jihu nodded nevertheless.

“Yes, of course. I’ve been waiting for you. Please come in.”

“Thank you.”

Kim Soohyun gave a light nod and closed the door behind him. Seol Jihu guided him to an empty table.

“May I take your order?”

“Mm….”

Kim Soohyun looked at the menu, then gave a nervous smile.

“I’m afraid I don’t know much about ramen. Can I leave the choice to you?”

“Of course. I’ll prepare the most basic version, then.”

“Thank you.”

Seol Jihu returned to the kitchen and placed a pot over the stove. He glanced at Kim Soohyun while waiting for the water to boil. The Martial God was looking around the restaurant.

‘He looks normal enough….’

It could just have been the white t-shirt and jeans he was wearing, but he seemed ordinary.

—I want his ramen, too.

Except—he wasn’t. Seol Jihu noticed that Kim Soohyun had placed a small blue orb on his table.

“Zero Code? What’s going on?”

—I want to eat his ramen. That’s all.

“Seriously…? Okay, then.”

Clunk, clunk!

Suddenly, the giant sword tied to his waist began to shake.

“What the. You too, Excalibur?”

Clunk.

“What are you talking about? How can a sword like you eat ramen? Oh, come on, please. He’ll think I’m weird.”

Clunk, clunk, clunk, clunk!

The sword called Excalibur rattled from side to side. It seemed to be throwing a tantrum.

“Fine, fine! Excuse me, may I add two more bowls, please?”

Kim Soohyun shouted and covered his face with both hands.

Seol Jihu revised his assessment of the Martial God. Carrying around a living orb and sword, this man was in no way ordinary.

Once again, silence descended upon the restaurant.

Rather than striking up a conversation, Seol Jihu focused on cooking.

Kim Soohyun chatted with his orb while waiting.

“By the way, what’s going on? For you to suddenly show up is….”

—Does the reason matter? You already know what’s going on.

“Yes, but I’m asking about you.”

—No reason, in particular. And… I have a connection of sorts with this world.

Kim Soohyun seemed surprised by Zero Code’s remark.

“Yeah?”

—This world should have perished a long time ago…. But at the request of a certain goddess, I granted a partial time reversal.

“But you don’t do that often.”

—I couldn’t just ignore her.

Zero Code replied.

—I won’t say it’s entirely because of you. But you are related to this world, albeit indirectly. Don’t deny it.

“Hmm….”

Kim Soohyun smacked his lips.

“See, what I’m wondering is…. I remember splitting her divinity in half. She should have died naturally after a while. How did she survive?”

—Through greed. Even gods have it.

Zero Code replied nonchalantly.

Kim Soohyun seemed convinced.

Suddenly, he glanced in Seol Jihu’s direction.

“Hey, Zero Code.”

He dropped his voice to a whisper.

“I activated the Third Eye just now, and….”

—It can’t be helped.

Said Zero Code.

—In human terms… the Third Eye and the Nine Eyes are like siblings.

“Really?”

—The Third Eye was born first. Try hard, and you will see through the Nine Eyes. But it won’t be an easy opponent…. The Third Eye has a higher level of existence, but the Nine Eyes is more enhanced in terms of ability.

“….”

—Well, just think of them as brothers and sisters. They aren’t exactly compatible.

“What an odd analogy…”

Finally, the food arrived.

“Here is the ramen you ordered. Please enjoy.”

“Ah. Thank you.”

Three bowls of ramen were placed on the table. The first in front of Kim Soohyun, the second in front of the blue orb, and the third in front of the sword leaning against the chair.

“Thanks for the food.”

Kim Soohyun put his hands together with chopsticks between his palms.

—Mm. Let’s eat first.

Zero Code rose into the air and immersed itself in the bowl.

Excalibur remained completely still.

Slurp.

Finally, Kim Soohyun took a bite of the ramen.

“….”

He flinched.

Slurp, slurp!

The Martial God inhaled the rest of the noodles in a flash and began to blink. He raised his head and looked at Seol Jihu, his eyes full of confusion and curiosity.

“?”

Seol Jihu too tilted his head in return.

“Is something wrong?”

“N-No, it’s nothing.”

Kim Soohyun seemed unusually flurried as he dropped his gaze back to the ramen in disbelief.

Seol Jihu looked at him for a moment and turned his gaze to the other side of the table. He wondered just how the sword would eat its ramen.

It was then.

“Huaaaa.”

He heard an exclamation.

Seol Jihu turned his head to the sound and saw Kim Soohyun tilt the bowl to his lips and then put it back down on the table. His bowl was completely empty.

‘Already?’

But Seol Jihu had only taken his eyes off for a moment. What could have happened in that short time?

“This….”

Kim Soohyun let out a long breath and then smacked his lips. His face looked brighter now than when he first arrived at the restaurant.

“…Doesn’t make any sense.”

He said after a long silence.

—Right?

Zero Code responded.

—You must have felt it, too. The darkness inside you has been partially neutralized.

“But how is this possible? It’s just ramen.”

—But it’s not just any ramen. It is ramen made by the Golden Constellation of infinite possibilities, who wished to remain human with all his heart.

Zero Code continued.

—There was a reason he was designated as Universe’s Planet Cultural Heritage. I knew his dish would have a positive effect on you.

Kim Soohyun still looked dazed.

—More importantly, this human won against your 16 wives and Suna. Do you think you can do the same?

The Martial God shuddered. He finally seemed to realize just how amazing Seol Jihu was.

“So…. Will the darkness inside me disappear forever if I keep eating this ramen?”

—No.

Zero Code denied outright.

—As long as you are in need of your darkness, the chaos inside you will not disappear.

“As long as I am in need of my darkness….”

—But this ramen will be a drop of oil that grows the fire of light inside you, which has been dying down. Even that will be of great help to you. You have a lot to gain from this meeting.

“….”

—You owe him.

“Ah—I get it, I get it.”

Kim Soohyun raised both his hands into the air. With a sigh, he turned to face Seol Jihu.

“Do you have time to talk now?”

Finally, the moment he had been waiting for was here.

“Of course.”

Seol Jihu replied without hesitation.

“I’m sure you know what’s going on, so I’ll cut to the chase.”

Kim Soohyun spoke.

“I heard you’ve come to talk to me on behalf of the Fallen Angels. And you want me to forgive them.”

“Mm…. No.”

“…Pardon?”

Kim Soohyun furrowed his brow. He seemed almost to doubt his ears.

“I’ve heard what’s happened, but ultimately I’m just an outsider. I don’t know what exactly happened between you and them, and I never will.”

Seol Jihu continued with a small smile.

“How one treats others is entirely up to themselves. Whether to forgive or not, that decision is yours to make. I can’t force anything on you.”

A light flickered in Kim Soohyun’s eyes.

“I’ve only come looking for an answer. That way, the Fallen Angels can get closure one way or the other, and move on with their lives.”

Seol Jihu nodded.

“That’s all.”

Kim Soohyun stared at Seol Jihu with surprise in his eyes.

“How one treats others is entirely up to himself….”

He muttered before suddenly breaking into a smile.

“I like that.”

“Thank you.”

“Um….”

Kim Soohyun scratched his head as if he had just remembered something.

“But if that’s all you needed, then I could’ve given you an answer a long time ago. Why didn’t you just ask me…?”

Seol Jihu gazed at Kim Soohyun with a dumbfounded look on his face. Everything that happened since he returned to Earth flashed through his mind. He fought the urge to blurt out, “Are you serious?”

“…Right.”

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly.

“Your wives…. They were very nice people.”

With just that, Kim Soohyun understood everything and shut his eyes tight.

“I wondered why they kept asking me out to different places….”

“It’s okay.”

“No, I really should apologize.”

Kim Soohyun bowed his head. He told Seol Jihu that he’d scold them once he got home. But Seol Jihu didn’t believe him.

‘He seems like a man who doesn’t raise his voice against his wife.’

This was his assessment of the Martial God.

“Can you give me an answer now?”

Seol Jihu asked, and Kim Soohyun shut his mouth.

“The truth is….”

After a moment of silence, the Martial God began to speak.

“I wasn’t ever going to forgive the Fallen Angels.”

Kim Soohyun’s face abruptly turned serious, and so did Seol Jihu’s.

“But after eating your ramen…. I do think it’s kind of funny, but I’ve changed my mind.”

Kim Soohyun wrapped his hands around the bowl and raised his head.

“I’ll return the Fallen Angels back to the Celestial Realm.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

“Do you really mean it?”

“Yes.”

Kim Soohyun sounded certain.

“10 years…. No, 17 years.”

He said, looking straight at Seol Jihu.

“The taste of your ramen has shattered the hatred that has remained unshaken for 17 years.”





Side Story 15. After


Seol Jihu finally got a reply from the Martial God, and it was also one that he did not expect at all.

“Still, those bitches… I mean, those angels will only be allowed to go back to the Celestial Realm.”

Kim Soohyun continued.

“I will purify them of the evil that corrupted them and return their stolen authorities. That said, the Angels will continue to be under strict surveillance.”

Meaning, the Angels would still be controlled. In regards to this matter, Seol Jihu could feel a strong, unrelenting will from Kim Soohyun.

“That’s more than enough. I’m sure the Fallen Angels will be satisfied.”

Seol Jihu smiled. He knew he should not involve himself further in this matter. He did not think he was qualified. This was as far as he was allowed to go.

“Then, I will head back now. The Fallen Angels’ return will happen within a few days.”

“Got it. I’ll let them know.”

“Ah, also….”

Kim Soohyun got up.

“There’s a favor I’d like to ask of you.”

He walked toward Seol Jihu.

“I heard you won against the Court Gathering in an overwhelming fashion….”

“Court Gathering?”

“It’s a bit hard to explain, but yes.”

Kim Soohyun sighed and spoke.

“I know it may be rude… but I would like you to teach me your method. Please. I beg you.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. Kim Soohyun looked more serious and desperate than ever before.

“Hoh….”

An exclamation escaped Seol Jihu’s mouth at the Martial God’s inexplicable desperation.

“I will pay you, however much you want! So please!”

“It’s fine. You don’t need to give me money.”

Seol Jihu grinned.

“I’m not the type to hide secret techniques. If you’re curious, I would be happy to teach you. We can talk right now if you want.”

Kim Soohyun’s complexion brightened. He couldn’t believe there was such a kind person in this world.

—I think you should just give up….

Zero Code clicked its tongue, but Kim Soohyun paid no attention to it. He went into the kitchen, burning with passion. And then, one hour later.

“Again!”

Seol Jihu’s angry voice echoed inside the restaurant.

Kim Soohyun was sweating bullets while repeatedly pouring and emptying a pot with water.

“Won’t this be enough…?”

“A-gain.”

“I-It’s just water. Is there really a need to go so far…?”

“Just water?”

Seol Jihu’s eyebrows rose.

“Just water? The flavor of ramen is determined by the amount of water! Did I not tell you that even a 0.0001mL difference is unacceptable? Again!”

Kim Soohyun grunted. Releasing all his potential, he concentrated his senses on the tip of his finger.

“...Hmm.”

Seol Jihu did not yell for the first time. He was craning his neck, staring into the pot. It was a habit he showed whenever there was nothing to pick fault with.

“Incredible.”

Seol Jihu nodded in approval.

“Yuhui and Haeju couldn’t succeed even after weeks and weeks of training…. It seems your fame is not unfounded.”

“Then!”

“Let us go to the next step. Don’t forget the previous sensation. Next up is….”

Seol Jihu rolled up his sleeves and raised the Spear of Purity.

Kim Soohyun’s complexion brightened. However, his joy did not last long.

“Now, it’s a race against time. The process is much more complicated so pay close attention. Water is important, obviously, but fire is just as important. The temperature when you first put your pot on the stove is the key. The boiling point of water is 100 degrees celsius in one atmospheric pressure, and it only goes lower as the pressure decreases….”

A lengthy speech came out of Seol Jihu’s mouth regarding the temperature of the fire and the appropriate surface area to consider when putting in the noodles. Supposedly, this step also needed meticulous accuracy and precision.

“Garnish is also important. Take a look. When you put your chashu on, you need to angle it at exactly 37.2487 degrees, and then…”

Kim Soohyun could no longer bear it at this point.

“...Zero Code.”

He lowered his voice and called upon Zero Code, who was watching from a distance.

“He’s not making fun of me, is he?”

—I also find it hard to believe, but…

Zero Code spoke calmly.

—The Golden Constellation is serious. He’s also following everything he is saying with perfection.

“....”

In the end, Kim Soohyun gave up. Saying that he had an urgent business to take care of else his kid would get hurt soon, he disappeared in a hurry.

“But he was the first person to get the water correct….”

Seol Jihu murmured with a look of regret.

But with this, he now had one less thing to worry about.

“Udadada.”

Seol Jihu grinned as he stretched. He felt unburdened after solving what had been a big problem.

‘I’ll clean up the restaurant first… then I’ll call the Federation tomorrow, and… hmm?’

Seol Jihu paused while clearing away the bowls. All three ramen bowls were emptied clean. Not even a drop of soup remained in them.

‘What?’

Seol Jihu stared at the door that Kim Soohyun just left through. He recalled the huge sword that the Martial God had on his waist.

‘How did a sword eat ramen?’

Seol Jihu tilted his head.

*

Ten days after Kim Soohyun went back, Gabriel came to visit Seol Jihu Ramen?.

“Thank you.”

Gabriel cupped her hands together and bowed.

“You saved us all. I don’t know how I can express the gratitude I have for you.”

Gabriel sounded calm and unfazed, but her voice was trembling with joy. Her eyes were also watery, and it seemed like she still could not believe it.

And this was after she calmed down a bit as well. When Seol Jihu first called to tell her the news, there was a huge ruckus. Several Angels that were usually calm and rational had asked whether it was true repeatedly.

“Don’t worry about it. All I did was help you guys get a reply from the Martial God.”

“We never imagined he would give us a positive reply.”

Gabriel smiled.

“I rushed here as soon as possible after spreading the news to all Fallen Angels around Paradise. I figured I needed to see you in person, and thank you.”

“When would the Fallen Angels return to the Celestial Realm?”

“Soon, probably.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened at Gabriel’s reply.

“So soon?”

“The Martial God is a man of action. Since he set his mind on doing it, he is probably trying to take care of it as soon as possible. It’s not a bad thing for us. And the same goes for Paradise….”

Gabriel trailed off, and Seol Jihu smiled bitterly.

Although the Parasites had disappeared from this world, the Fallen Angels, an alien race possessing a higher level of technology, still remained. With an alien race being the cause of a long, horrific war, it couldn’t be helped for Paradise’s natives to harbor some anxiety.

The fact that most natives were relieved to hear news of their return was proof of this. Of course, they congratulated the Fallen Angels as well.

“We actually don’t mind. It makes sense for the natives to feel uneasy, and we also want to go back as soon as possible. There’s nothing to worry about since our interests match.”

Gabriel said nonchalantly before staring fixedly at Seol Jihu.

“Anyway, since you are the savior of our race, as its representative, I…”

“It’s fine.”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“You’ve helped me out more than enough.”

The fact that they gave their all in fighting the Parasites was enough for Seol Jihu.

“I’m just glad I could return the help I received.”

Hearing Seol Jihu, Gabriel was speechless for a moment.

“...What an interesting human.”

Soon, she chuckled and shrugged.

“Still, is there anything you want? There’s still some time left.”

“I don’t need anything per se… ah.”

Seol Jihu put out a bowl of ramen he just made.

“Why don’t you have some ramen before you go? I developed a new recipe just now.”

At that moment, Gabriel suddenly turned serious.

“No.”

At the same time, she turned back in a hurry.

“Gabriel-nim?”

“As I said last time, I have no intention of ever eating your ramen. My dearest wish is finally within my grasp. I refuse to live as your slave forever.”

“Ei, slave? You’re overreacting.”

“I can’t believe it either, but I can feel that this is a possible future. The moment I eat that ramen, I will not be able to go back….”

Gabriel’s wings shuddered. With that, she left the restaurant, saying that the time was up. She was very obviously running away.

“...Gabriel-nim?”

Standing in a daze for a long time, Seol Jihu hurriedly chased after her with the ramen bowl in tow.

“Please! Just try out the soup…!”

However, Seol Jihu soon came to a stop. It was because he saw Gabriel in the distance, looking up at the sky and praying on her knees. That wasn’t all.

Hwarrrrr!

Gabriel’s wings were burning in a clear blaze. Her black wings quickly regained their original color. Pure white feathers shimmered in the light.

The sky opened up, and a ray of light descended. The city turned bright even in the midst of broad daylight.

Gabriel then got up, her body slowly floating up. The crowd below buzzed. But soon, the city turned silent. Everyone had become speechless by the sight of an angel ascending to the sky.

Similarly looking up, Seol Jihu did a double-take.

“Gabriel-nim!”

Gabriel glanced down at Seol Jihu’s loud calling. Seol Jihu raised the ramen bowl in his hand up high.

“Come visit when you can! And don’t forget to try the ramen when you come!”

At that moment, Seol Jihu could clearly see Gabriel’s hesitating look. Gulp. Her throat also drew a huge gulp.

That day. Fallen Angels from all over Paradise were purified of their corruption and allowed to ascend to the Celestial Realm.

It was the day that Fallen Angels disappeared from Paradise.

*

Seol Jihu went back to Earth. It was to thank the Martial God for keeping his promise. But when he arrived at his home, he was the one who got thanked instead.

“Thank you so much.”

“Thank you!”

Seraph and Ahn Sol both expressed their gratitude.

“My race was saved, thanks to you. With this, I can be at peace.”

“You’re incredible! To think you can get Orabeo-nim to change his mind…!”

Seraph gave Seol Jihu an expensive-looking makeup set, recommending him to give it to his girlfriend. Ahn Sol gave him a cross necklace, saying that she prayed personally and that a miracle would occur one day when he dearly wished for it.

Seol Jihu did not reject them. After all, they weren’t anything extraordinary, just a simple makeup set and a common necklace. Of course, he could only say so because he did not know their true value.

The two of them weren’t the only ones in the house.

“I’m sorry.”

Goh Yeonju apologized as soon as she saw Seol Jihu.

“If I knew things would turn out this way, I wouldn’t have tried to stop you from meeting him…. I never imagined a bowl of ramen would change my dear so much.”

“I’m not sure what you mean, but I’m glad it was of help.”

“Help doesn’t begin to describe it. His change livened up the house. Everyone’s laughing and smiling, thanks to you.”

Goh Yeonju grinned and then gave him a rectangular box.

“Will you please accept my apology?”

From the looks of it, it seemed to be liquor.

“Oh, you didn’t need to.”

Seol Jihu did not reject it this time either. Since she said he helped her, he figured it was okay to receive a bottle of liquor as a gift.

“I brought the best one in my store.”

“I’m sure my father would love it.”

When Seol Jihu said with a smile, Goh Yeonju also smiled back.

“Let me know if there’s anything that troubles you on Earth. I would be happy to take care of any problem if it’s you, Mister Seol Jihu.”

“Thank you for your kind words. And thank you for the gift as well.”

With that, Goh Yeonju went back.

Seol Jihu contemplated on what to do with the gifts. For now, he gave the liquor to his father. His reaction was noteworthy.

“T-This is The Macallan 1926...!? How, where did you…!”

“I got it as a gift. There was a big trade recently, and I played a big role in making it a success.”

“Just how big was the trade? Hyaa, to think I would get my hands on a liquor that’s worth a hundred million won…. Hahaha!”

Seol Jihu had never seen his father so happy. He even shook his hands, calling him the greatest son in the world.

“Oh right, where’s Jinhee?”

“Jinhee! What are you doing!? Your oppa is here!!”

“F-Father!”

Seol Jihu tried to stop him in fright, but it was already too late.

“What is it, Dad!?”

Seol Jinhee peeked her head down from the second-floor guardrail, her lips protruding out in a big pout.

“Look at that grin. You really sold yourself out for a bottle of liquor?”

“N-No, it’s been a while since Jihu last came. Besides, what happened before is….”

His father coughed. He never took his eyes off the liquor box. He even slept with the box in his embrace.

As for the makeup set, it obviously wasn’t Seol Jihu’s to use. And so, he went back to Paradise and just told everyone to grab what they wanted.

At first, everyone was apathetic. Most of them seemed to be thinking, Just what strange stuff did he bring back this time?

But when Teresa opened the box, unable to hold back her curiosity.

“Wait, wait, isn’t that…”

Kim Hannah’s eyes split open.

“Beauty Vivian! It’s their newest healing pack set too!”

Eun Yuri gasped.

“Fuck!”

Maria shot up from her seat.

In the next moment, the women flung their bodies forward like tigers.

“This is mine! That’s mine too!”

“Ah! Give the cream to me!”

In the blink of an eye, several women were fighting among themselves around the gift. Even Seo Yuhui and Baek Haeju joined in, using holy spells and reinforced sword qi, respectively.

“Just what is that thing…?”

“Beauty Vivian. It’s a world-renowned brand.”

Chohong said with a yawn. As she wasn’t interested in makeup, she did not join the brawl that was going on.

“How much does it cost?”

“Money isn’t the issue.”

Phi Sora, who likewise had no interest in makeup, said while cuddling with a groaning yellow rice cake.

“The supply can’t keep up with the demand. I’ve heard that you need to wait two years to get your hands on even one product. The one you brought is a full beauty set and a limited edition product at that.”

Phi Sora glanced at Seol Jihu.

“Anyway, I’m surprised. I didn’t take you to be someone sensible enough to bring such a gift. It must have been hard to get it.”

Seol Jihu was taken aback. All he did was bring back a couple of gifts, yet the way his friends and family saw him changed both in Paradise and Earth.

Anyway, setting this aside, another interesting matter was an offer he got.

A few days after he rejected Han Soyoung’s offer of opening a restaurant in SY Apartments, a guest came to visit him.

At first, when he opened the front door at the ringing of the bell, he did not see anyone.

“...Over here.”

When he looked down, he saw a small girl.

Red braided hair. It was the little girl who was among the four goddesses.

“You.”

The little girl pointed her baby-like finger at him and spoke.

“Be my personal chef.”

The offer really came out of nowhere.

“It’s only natural to be flustered.”

When Seol Jihu showed signs of being taken aback, the little girl nodded her head in understanding with her hands behind her back. Though it was a bit cheeky, it was cute.

“Why don’t we go inside and talk.”

The little girl glanced inside.

“Ah, come in.”

Seol Jihu turned around.

Immediately afterward, he jumped in a startle. He surely was on Earth but suddenly found himself in his ramen restaurant in Paradise.

“This is…?”

The little girl had sat down on a seat before he noticed and was looking at a distant mountain. The way she had her head turned away nonchalantly, it was obvious that she was pretending to be oblivious.

“Mm…. Can you tell me what you wanted to talk about?”

Seol Jihu chuckled and tried to sit down on the other side of the table.

“Eeek!”

But because the little girl glared at him, he laughed and walked into the kitchen.

“Would you like to talk while eating then?”

“Mmn. I’ll take some ham… and sausages….”

The little girl filled out checkboxes in the menu with twinkling eyes but then quickly put on a serious face after feeling Seol Jihu’s stare.

“Well, I’ll leave you to it.”

Seol Jihu had a hard time holding in his laughter.

“Anyway, I want you to become my personal chef. It shouldn’t be too difficult since we’re neighbors. All you have to do is make me ramen every breakfast, lunch, and dinner or whenever I want it.”

“...So, you want me to be your personal chef.”

“Of course, I’m an honorable person. I’m not asking you to do it for free. What do you want? Planets? Galaxies? The power of a Heaven-rank 9 god? Just tell me. I can grant any wish you have.”

They didn’t sound like words that should come out of a child’s mouth.

What should I say? Seol Jihu pondered for a bit before speaking.

“Thank you for your kind words, but I’ll have to refuse.”

“What? Why!?”

The little girl showed a clear look of surprise, almost as if she never expected him to refuse. She even looked a little angry.

“There are two reasons.”

“...Tell me.”

It sounded like his refusal was of great humiliation and shame to her, but she spoke as if she would hear him out first.

“The first reason is… I’ve yet to reach the ultimate pinnacle of ramen.”

“The ultimate pinnacle of ramen?”

“Yes. The path of ramen is long and arduous. I have a long way to go. I need to keep advancing. And to do that, I need to continue challenging myself. If I’m tied down in a single spot, I’m afraid I will become complacent.”

“Mmn….”

The little girl fell into deep thought. This caught Seol Jihu by surprise as he had spoken half-jokingly and had expected the girl to throw a tantrum.

“So you want to stand on the same level as me…. Interesting, very interesting. Although it’s impossible, if it’s a human of your level… then maybe….”

After mumbling for a while, she nodded.

“Fine. I see no reason I cannot wait if it is for tastier ramen.”

She spoke as if she hadn’t given up but would wait for now.

“I heard your first reason. What’s the second?”

“Ah, the second reason is more realistic.”

Seol Jihu spoke.

“The ramen you had before used ingredients I found in this world… but given their nature….”

To bring items out of Paradise, one needed to expend contribution points. A little bit of time was also required for this process.

“Oh, that’s nothing.”

The little girl said casually.

“I can take care of that for you. Hold on. Oi, you’re listening, right?”

The little girl put on heavy airs and snapped her fingers. A bead-sized flame suddenly appeared before disappearing.

Just what was that flame? Seol Jihu tilted his head before suddenly pressing his forehead. It was because he could feel Gula, who had been anxiously watching, jumping in fright.

“I’ll give that to you guys, so take care of any contribution points matter he has.”

It was quite a mysterious sight. Though the little girl spoke curtly, Seol Jihu could feel Gula replying with the utmost respect.

It was at that moment that Seol Jihu finished his ramen.

“Good, good. I will back off today in hopes of you reaching even greater heights in the future. You better continue working hard. I’ll drop by every now and then.”

The little girl ate the ramen in joy.

‘She does seem incredible in some ways…. I just can’t put my finger on it.’

Seol Jihu carefully observed the ramen-eating little girl. However, he could not feel anything special. Only his desire to poke her chubby cheeks flared up.

“Oh, also.”

The little girl raised her head as if she just remembered something.

It was then. The girl’s eyes widened and turned crimson. Her hair rose, emitting a frightening aura, following which the entire planet seemed to hold its breath.

The girl’s mouth opened.

[Heed me, Universe.]

A subliminal voice soared into the sky and echoed out across the galaxies.

However, Seol Jihu could not hear it. He did not feel even a hint of fear. He blanked out completely for the split second that it happened.

“?”

When he regained his senses, everything had already ended.

The girl was stirring the empty ramen bowl with her fork. She looked satisfied, yet longing.

“You can be at ease now. I’m sure more than a few bastards had their eyes on this place. I marked my territory, so they won’t be able to touch you.”

With incomprehensible words, she hopped off the seat.

“Oh yeah.”

On her way out, she glanced back at the dazedly standing Seol Jihu.

“You can call me Suna from now on.”

“Suna…?”

“Yep, that’s my name. I will allow you to call me by it.”

With that, Suna disappeared.

“....”

Seol Jihu tilted his head.

I feel like I felt something just now…. Murmuring inwardly, he turned his head and took Suna’s empty bowl to the kitchen, not knowing that he now had the protection of a Heaven-rank 10 god, which even Heaven-rank 9 gods did not dare to go against.

For the record, the proclamation Suna made was as follows: [As of this moment, I proclaim this restaurant to be my territory.]

[I will not stop you from coming to this restaurant and being its customer. But if anyone dares to touch this restaurant’s owner, I will see it as a direct provocation against me regardless of the reason.]

[If you cause even a tiny crack in this building, I will destroy ten thousand of your temples. And if you touch even a hair on this restaurant’s owner, everything related to you will be wiped from existence throughout the universe.]

[You will have to bear this in mind when using this restaurant.]

And thus, everything came to an end.

The Fallen Angels went back to the Celestial Realm, and Seol Jihu developed a friendly relationship with his neighbors.

Seol Jihu’s restaurant was also flourishing. His dream was to have many people enjoy his ramen, regardless of their race.

But it wasn’t as if there weren’t any problems.

Working busily in his restaurant as always, Seol Jihu’s eyes narrowed.

‘It’s good that all races are coming here, but….’

Seol Jihu’s gaze was fixed on a table in the corner of the room. There were three people in hoods, eating his ramen.

[I never thought a day like this would come. Who would have thought I would be sitting around a table with you, eating a dish? Don’t you think so, Elder God Zehirete, Hater of Darkness.]

A dark, gloomy voice rang out. Seol Jihu had taken a peek earlier while taking their orders, and he did not see a face under the hood, only darkness.

[It is indeed surprising, Outer God Azathoth. To think I would eat at the same table as you, whom even the almighty Great Old Ones worship.]

The being called Zehirete answered.

[Anyway, who is this?]

[Ah, I’ve met him for the first time today as well.]

The last being was even more shocking. Unless Seol Jihu had seen wrong, the thing that was holding onto the chopsticks was a tentacle that resembled a tree branch.

[Kruoooouoooo.]

He didn’t even understand what it was saying.

[Indeed, there is no reason to fight here. Why don’t we eat?]

[Agreed. Nothing good will come of offending her excellency.]

He could understand the first two.

[Krruooooououoo!]

[Mmn, indeed, the flavor is excellent. Especially this….]

[No! My ramen is much better…!]

Just like that, the three of them ate and chatted for a long time before getting up.

[Thanks for the meal. I will pay with this.]

One of them dropped an orb pulsating with darkness.

[This is my payment.]

[Kruoooouo.]

The other two dropped a chunk of red flesh and a tentacle, respectively.

“....”

Seol Jihu didn’t know what to say.

‘Just tell me if you don’t have money….’

He sighed and tried to throw them away, but upon a vehement, shocked protest by Gula, he pocketed them.

Seol Jihu shook his head and shouted.

“Your to-go ramen order is out!”

Hearing this, a woman who was waiting in a corner approached him.

Although he usually did not make ramen to-go, he made an exception because of the woman’s earnest pleas and her proactiveness in bringing a bag with preservation magic.

‘Right, it’s all good, but….’

The problem was that this woman was not a human either.

This was the first time he saw a woman whose body was shimmering with the color of water.

‘She doesn’t look like a Spirit either….’

“Thank you.”

The woman placed the ramen into her bag and bowed.

“It’s all thanks to this ramen. I don’t know how we can ever repay this debt….”

“Pardon?”

“As we were on the verge of extinction, we gave this ramen to Apophis, which had come to conquer our galaxy. It immediately went back, shocked that there was such good food in this universe and saying that everything it had done was for naught. Our galaxy has been saved thanks to you and your ramen.”

“...Uh, yeah.”

“Thank you, Lord Golden Constellation. We will never forget this debt of gratitude.”

The woman bowed and turned back.

Seol Jihu waited for the woman to leave before resting his chin on his hand.

Soon, he shrugged.

‘I don’t know what happened, but I guess it’s all good.’





Side Story 16. Reunion


Seol Jihu’s relationship with his family had improved tremendously. However, that did not mean there weren’t parts that could be bettered further.

Seol Jihu had tormented his family with his gambling addiction for years. Such deeply etched wounds generally took a period that was several times longer to heal.

Seol Jihu knew this better than anyone else. So for the past several months, he made constant efforts to visit his family. He went back at least twice a week, no matter how busy he was, and thanks to his efforts, the way his family treated him had changed significantly.

At the very least, they now had no problem talking to him normally.

‘I’ve gotten far from having the door closed on my face when I first went.’

Today, Seol Jihu was coming back from seeing his family as always. His destination was SY Apartments. After getting an apartment in the residential complex by chance, he had been staying there since.

Not only were the apartments located in the center of Seoul, but they also had an excellent infrastructure, boasting flawless security and in-complex amenities.

‘Most intruders wouldn’t even be able to get past the guard post.’

Seol Jihu chuckled as he looked at the burly guard inside.

After parking his car, he went up the elevator and opened the front door. A large living room came into view. He had yet to get used to the loneliness and solitude he felt whenever he found himself alone in this large room.

‘I don’t really care who. It’d be nice to have someone at home.’

He first thought of his family. Of course, he wasn’t so careless as to tell his family about his new home just because he got a nice place. Given his father and older brother’s personalities, they were sure to ask how he could afford a place that cost over a billion won.

He decided to get Kim Hannah’s help with this matter. The company Seol Jihu was employed with on Earth was steadily growing. Kim Hannah boldly declared that she would turn it into a world-renowned conglomerate within the next 5 to 10 years. With Paradise behind the company, it should not be too difficult.

Since Seol Jihu had a position as one of its founders, he would be able to tell his family then.

‘It should be all good since Kim Hannah said she made sure that the owner of my old apartment room would stay quiet.’

It was then.

Bzz, bzz!

He heard a vibration as he was hanging his coat on the coatrack while thinking about various things.

Seol Jihu took out his cell phone from the coat pocket.

The caller was his mother.

“Yes, mother.”

—Jihu….

Seol Jihu’s heart sank. He had seen her less than half an hour ago, but she did not sound good.

“What’s wrong? Did something happen?”

—No, it’s not that….

Seol Jihu could feel that she was hesitating.

—I was thinking hard about whether I should tell you or not, and….

“It’s fine. Please tell me.”

Seol Jihu pretended to be calm, but his heart was pounding. He was beginning to doubt whether his mother picked up on something.

—I’ve been having strange dreams recently.

“Dreams?”

Seol Jihu let out an empty chuckle. His legs went a little limp.

—Don’t laugh.

“Eii, mother, I thought something serious happened.”

—No, no, listen, I think they mean something.

“Just what kind of dreams did you have?”

—Well… I don’t remember them all too well. They’re different every night…. You always appear in them. One time, you were really drunk, and another time, you were in a panic. There was also a long-haired woman in white clothes crying next to you….

Seol Jihu was taken aback. The last part especially gave him the chills.

“Dreams are just that. Dreams. Some people even say they’re the opposite of what happens in real life.”

—But still….

“Don’t worry. I haven’t had any problems recently. I’ve been busy with work, but that’s better than being out of work.”

—That’s good to hear.

His mother sighed.

—Anyway, be careful. Make sure you stay safe.

“Okay, I will.”

—Oh yeah, didn’t Wooseok give you something last time? Are you still holding onto it? Or did you finish it already?

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened at his mother’s words.

[Mother consulted a famous fortune-teller regarding you. She said you should be careful when drinking for the next three years and that you’d have a women problem if you didn’t. Have this with you just in case.]

[Our company chairman developed it himself. Apparently, it has immediate effects. I brought a few as samples.]

Looking back, he did recall getting something like that.

“Ah, the pills to sober up….”

Seol Jihu rummaged through his pockets, but there was no way it would be there. He did a double-take, remembering that he had given it to a drunk driver on his way to meet Seo Yuhui.

“Of course, I have them. I haven’t been drinking all that much.”

Seol Jihu lied. Pills to sober up could easily be found at any pharmacy, and he did not want his mother to worry.

—I see. That’s good to hear.

His mother let out a sigh of relief.

—You’d have a hard time finding something like it in the market. Even Wooseok could only bring a couple of bottles with him.

“Oh, really?”

—Yep. Not only do the pills clear your mind instantly, but they also detoxify your body and increase its tolerance.

“...Huh?”

—It’s been lab-tested and everything, but the chairman of Wooseok’s company suddenly had a change of heart….

Seol Jihu blinked just as he was about to say, How can there be a medicine like that?

‘Hold on, the name of the lab Hyung goes to is….’

If there was one thing Seol Jihu recently learned while carrying out Gabriel’s request, it was that the world was much smaller than he thought.

For example, Han Soyoung happened to be the president of his alma mater. It was the same for Jegal Haesol.

‘She’s an origin-piercing magician, which is a realm that even Lady Roselle only barely touched upon in her final days….”

For someone like her, perhaps making such medicine wasn’t all that difficult. In that case, she must have pulled back on the decision to release the pills thinking that it was too early for the stage that modern medicine currently was at.

‘Maybe I should have taken them after all.’

Seol Jihu regretted belatedly, but the water had already been spilled.

—Jihu?

“Yes?”

Seol Jihu snapped out of his thoughts at his mother’s calling.

—What’s wrong? Did you not take them? Should I tell Wooseok to give you another one?

As expected, his mother was rather quick-witted.

“No, no, it’s fine.”

Seol Jihu shook his head even though he wasn’t on a video call.

It wasn’t until he endured a long worried speech from his mother that he was finally freed.

‘Mother’s too much of a worrywart.’

Seol Jihu sighed, took out a paper slip from his coat pocket, and ripped it in half.

*

Nothing much happened afterward.

Well, there was one thing. Yi Seol-Ah had officially challenged Seol Jihu to a duel.

The content of the duel was running with 5,000 wishes on the line. She even went so far as to write a contract and get it approved by the temple.

Yi Seol-Ah finished getting ready. Putting her fingers at the starting line, she put her left foot forward and her right foot back. Leaning forward a little with her upper body, she turned and looked back at Seol Jihu.

“Orabeo-nim.”

“Hmm?”

“I can win today, right?”

The corners of Yi Seol-Ah’s lips curled up.

“Fufufu, today is the day I get my revenge!”

“....”

“I can finally wash away those humiliating moments from the Neutral Zone!”

“....”

“Ah! I can see it! I can see you squirming in shame and frustration after losing to me today…!”

Seol Jihu chuckled. It seemed Yi Seol-Ah still remembered him overtaking her on the Neutral Zone’s track.

‘Come to think of it, I heard she played a big role recently in allowing an expedition to be successful.’

It seemed her self-confidence was at an all-time high thanks to that expedition.

‘I know what that feels like,’ Seol Jihu mumbled inwardly. After all, he had been the same.

Thinking about the past, laughter escaped Seol Jihu’s lips. But taking this laughter as a sneer, Yi Seol-Ah yelled angrily.

“Hmph! Let’s see if you can laugh when we’re done!”

“I just think you’re cute.”

“Of course. Of course. I’m sure I’m nothing more than a laughable kid to you. I understand. But you should know this, Orabeo-nim.”

Yi Seol-Ah’s voice suddenly sank.

“While you were living in seclusion after stepping down from the front line, I was toiling through all kinds of life-and-death situations…!”

“Okay, okay. So you’re confident?”

Seol Jihu chuckled while cracking his neck left and right.

“...Orabeo-nim.”

Flames burned in Yi Seol-Ah’s eyes. She looked greatly offended.

“I’m not the Yi Seol-Ah that used to light up your cigarette.”

She spoke more seriously than ever before.

Seol Jihu whistled.

“I get it. Why don’t we start? I have to go get ready to open my restaurant soon.”

“I’m waiting for you to get in the starting position.”

“It’s fine.”

Seol Jihu shrugged.

“An expert can’t go all out against a junior. You can get a head start. We’re making a round around Eva and coming back to the starting line, right? I can catch up easily.”

“...You’ll regret it.”

Yi Seol-Ah gritted her teeth and turned her head forward.

“On your mark!”

Shouting on her own, she began to slowly raise her butt.

“Three, two, one.” After counting down...

“Start!” She shot forward like the wind.

‘Perfect!’

Yi Seol-Ah was confident. Starting from the beginning, the angle of her ankles, torso, arms, and knees were perfect. Her strides were also optimized for acceleration.

‘How’s Orabeo-nim…?’

Yi Seol-Ah glanced back, her eyes immediately widening. Seol Jihu was running right beside her. No, it was hard to say he was running. Seol Jihu was walking with big strides. He even had his hands behind his back. He looked like someone who was going out to get a drink at a convenience store.

‘As expected…!’

Yi Seol-Ah wasn’t taken aback. Seol Jihu was still Paradise’s legend, no matter how much he was stuck in a rut. She did not expect him to be defeated so easily.

“Aura!”

Yi Seol-Ah shouted. Kyahaha. Along with the laughter of a Spirit, a fierce wind stormed out.

Yi Seol-Ah bit her lower lip.

‘Not yet.’

Though a storm was pushing her forward, Yi Seol-Ah did not think this was enough. She knew her orabeo-nim would surely catch up to her.

‘I’ll settle the winner in a single breath!’

Yi Seol-Ah gathered the mana that was flowing in her circuit and compressed it multiple times.

“Hah!”

Letting out a spirited shout, she detonated the gathered mana in an instant. Kwang! Along with an explosive boom, Yi Seol-Ah’s body shot forward.

Using the mana explosion to gain an explosive momentum, she accelerated even further with the power of her Spirit. Though this act put a significant burden on her legs, it was fine if it was for a little bit.

‘With this…!’

Yi Seol-Ah, who was running until her sweat was flying everywhere, jumped in a startle. Seol Jihu was still walking right next to her.

What was important was that he was walking while merrily eating a bowl of ramen that he made god-knows-when.

“You…!”

Yi Seol-Ah clenched her teeth.

He was walking while eating ramen in the middle of a sacred match?

As a track runner, she could not accept such a thing.

Of course, Seol Jihu’s godly skills were surprising, but it wasn’t as if she had used all her cards yet either.

‘But it’s too early to use it….’

She hesitated for a moment but soon came to a decision.

Though they were running a lap around the city, to Seol Jihu and her, the distance was no different than minuscule. She had to pull out all her cards while she still could.

“Limit Breaaaaaak!”

Yi Seol-Ah unleashed her own independent realm, Limit Break.

Immediately, her body began to shine with light.

Chweeeek!

She began to cut through the streets faster than a bullet, moving at a supersonic speed.

It’s fine even if my ankles break. It’s fine even if I can’t use my legs again. As long as I can beat Orabeo-nim now…! Yi Seol-Ah’s strong will propelled her forward while controlling her acceleration perfectly.

‘Just like this…!’

Yi Seol-Ah, who was just about to reach the finish line, suddenly became lost for words. Seol Jihu was still running next to her.

“Eh~! Macarena~!”

All the while doing the Macarena dance.

“No, no….”

Yi Seol-Ah stammered.

“I gave you more than enough time, so I’ll start now.”

Seol Jihu grinned. He finally got into a proper running posture and roused his mana.

Pang, pang, pang! He even activated the Festina Earring three times.

Then, using Spear God, he kicked off the ground.

Flash!

Lightning flashed. At least, that was what Yi Seol-Ah felt.

A beam of yellow light stormed forward and disappeared, coming back around in less than a second.

Seol Jihu slowed down significantly when going past Yi Seol-Ah, and then…

“Cheese~!”

He hopped into the air and made a V-sign with his fingers before storming forward again.

When he came back around for the second time…

“Go! Go!”

He used the Spear of Purity as a cheering stick to cheer on Yi Seol-Ah.

And when he passed her for the third time, he did a triple axel in the air like a figure skater.

By now, Yi Seol-Ah had noticed that Seol Jihu did three laps around the city before she could even finish one.

Yi Seol-Ah did not stop running. She kept going forward in a daze. It was only when the finish line came into view that her legs stopped.

Seol Jihu was hovering his leg before the finish line, going in and out. He was clearly making fun of her.

Yi Seol-Ah’s eyelids shook. Soon, she fell to her knees at the finish line. It wasn’t just because of exhaustion. A great sense of loss played a bigger role.

“Huh? Why did you stop? I might not have crossed the finish line.”

Seol Jihu giggled as he wiggled his foot back and forth.

“Uuu….”

Yi Seol-Ah’s lips trembled. In the end…

“Uuuaaaaaaang!”

Yi Seol-Ah burst into tears.

*

“Abubububububu!”

“Kkiiing! Kkiiing!”

Phi Sora, who had captured a yellow rice cake and was blowing into its stomach, suddenly turned her head. It was because the main entrance was noisy.

Looking back, she saw a man and a woman walking in.

Yi Seol-Ah was sucking on a straw, drinking from a juice cup.

“Hic, hic… hic….”

She was crying endlessly. Her eyes were tinged red, and snot continued to run down her nose. It was obvious that she had bawled her eyes out not too long ago.

“Sorry. I’m sorry. I got you some juice. Forgive me, okay?”

Seol Jihu was consoling Yi Seol-Ah with a troubled expression.

“What happened?”

Sensing that something serious happened, Phi Sora let go of the squirming, yellow rice cake in her arms and got up.

“Oabeouu-nim!”

Yi Seol-Ah shouted in a teary voice.

“We had… a running competition…! And he… made fun of me…! And didn’t… fight me properly…! He ate ramen… and danced…!”

Phi Sora couldn’t understand her well with all the teary whimpers, but it seemed like Seol Jihu had made a fool of Yi Seol-Ah.

“Why’d you make the kid cry!?”

When Phi Sora raised a complaint, Seol Jihu scratched his head.

“I didn’t mean to.”

“A grown-up adult making fun of a kid. Couldn’t you have pulled a punch or two? You know how much stronger you are compared to her.”

“I couldn’t help it. There were 5,000 wishes on the line.”

“Wishes?”

Phi Sora glanced at Yi Seol-Ah.

“I had… a wish… I wanted to make…!”

Yi Seol-Ah murmured with a pout.

Phi Sora sighed and then looked back at Seol Jihu.

Seol Jihu hurriedly nodded.

“What’s the wish? Tell me.”

“It’s fine…. I lost….”

“You can at least tell me. If it isn’t anything too difficult, I can help you out.”

“...Really…?”

Yi Seol-Ah glanced at Seol Jihu.

“Then… can you meet me on Earth…?”

“Hmm?

“The people from the Neutral Zone… we promised to meet on Earth….”

“Ah, so you want him to participate in a Neutral Zone reunion.”

Phi Sora organized Yi Seol-Ah’s wish.

Seol Jihu made a dumbfounded face.

“That’s it…? You should have just told me. I thought you were going to ask for something big!”

“...But!”

Yi Seol-Ah shouted.

“But… if I don’t do something like this… Orabeo-nim doesn’t care about me at all…!”

Hearing this, Phi Sora’s expression contorted immediately.

“Of course not, stupid!”

Seol Jihu also shouted back.

“Seol-Ah, you’re my one and only cute little sister.”

“Eh… really?”

“I’ll come, so don’t worry about it.”

“...Yes! Orabeo-nim!”

Yi Seol-Ah’s complexion brightened up. She stopped crying and ran into Seol Jihu’s arms with a beaming smile. The rice cakes in the area applauded them.

Yi Seol-Ah then left, saying she needed to tell everyone else.

“...Excuse me.”

Phi Sora did not look all that happy. Looking at the two, she suddenly found herself in a foul mood for some reason. To be frank, she felt shitty.

“How are you coming up with all these corny lines?”

“Corny?”

“Yeah, tell me so I can use them to provoke people too.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I was completely serious.”

Phi Sora shook her head. No matter what, she did not want to witness such a scene a second time.

“That reunion, are you going?”

“Of course, I promised. It’s been a while since I’ve seen them anyway.”

“Good. Don’t just make ramen all day and go out a bit. I was getting tired of seeing you sell ramen all day long.”

“You’re getting tired of my ramen?”

“No, not your ramen. You.”

Phi Sora sighed and then put her hand on her hip.

“Anyway, it sounds fun. Let me know when the date and place are decided. I wanna join in.”

“Why would you join in on our reunion?”

“Ei, don’t be like that. Aren’t you guys just going to eat and drink?”

“That’s true, but….”

“Perfect. You’ve been there once before, so you should know how good it is. It’s not too expensive and tastes great. There really isn’t a better place.”

Phi Sora nodded her head.

“You know where I work part-time, right?”





Side Story 17. Playing With Fire


Seol Jihu formed many new relationships in Paradise. In the Neutral Zone alone, he made acquaintances with Salvatore Leorda, Tong Chai, Hao Win, the nameless Priest, and so on.

He kept in touch with some of them but lost contact with the others. Sometimes he wondered how they were doing, in the same way that he wondered how the friends he made online when he was little were doing.

‘Who was our tutorial guide again…? Ah, that’s right. Han. I wonder what he’s up to.’

Immersed in the memories of the past, Seol Jihu walked through the evening streets.

It didn’t take him long to reach his destination. He saw many familiar faces, some of which he had seen recently, and others a while back. There were still 10 minutes left until they were supposed to meet, but everyone was already here.

“Orabeo-nim! Over here!”

Yi Seol-Ah, dressed in a yellow puffer jacket, waved her arm at Seol Jihu. Next to her stood her brother, Yi Sungjin.

“He’s here?”

A woman wearing an ivory duffle coat and a navy scarf turned around.

“Where…. Woah!”

The woman, Shin Sang-Ah, smiled brightly when she saw Seol Jihu.

“Look at your face! It’s all bright and happy now!”

Hyun Sangmin lowered his sunglasses slightly and waved his arm. Even the way he wore his green baseball cap backward was the same.

And then, there was Yun Seora. Dressed in a gray trench coat, she looked more mature than usual. When their eyes met, she smiled shyly and waved at him. Seol Jihu waved back. For some reason, he felt a little shy, too.

“Seems like it was just yesterday that we met each other in that assembly hall! It feels a little weird to be meeting like this.”

With a playful grin, Hyun Sangmin held out his hand.

“Kyak! Picture! Can I take a picture with you?”

Shin Sang-Ah pointed her phone at Seol Jihu and made a big fuss as if she had just met a celebrity.

Although Seol Jihu had been seeing the Yi siblings and Yun Seora regularly, this was his first time meeting Shin Sang-Ah and Hyun Sangmin since they parted ways in the Neutral Zone. They exchanged greetings and caught up on each other’s lives.

“Come on now! We should really get going! We’ve got a ton of time on our hands, so you better save the good stories for the toasts!”

‘Unless you enjoy standing here and slowly freezing to death,’ Hyun Sangmin joked.

“You said you already booked a place? Some place run by one of us?”

“Yeah. It’s a pork belly restaurant. The prices are good, and the food is decent.”

“Keu! I love me some pork belly! With a glass of soju, of course!”

“Soju sounds great, but….”

Seol Jihu glanced at Yi Seol-Ah and Yi Sungjin. He remembered that one of them was still a minor.

“Ah, I’m fine with just a soft drink.”

“Who cares!”

Yi Sungjin, being as smart as he was, tried to reassure the adults, but his words were cut short by his sister.

“One glass of soju isn’t going to kill him. Am I wrong?”

“Well, no, but….”

“Come on, Orabeo-nim! I know you’ve been in our shoes before. You probably had your first soju when you were in middle school or high school, too.”

‘Right? Right?’ Yi Seol-Ah asked, poking Seol Jihu in the ribcage with her elbow. Seol Jihu said nothing—because she was right. He was sixteen when he drank soju for the first time without his parents knowing.

“…Fine. But not too much, okay?”

Seol Jihu let out a sigh.

“It’s decided then! Everyone, don’t even think about going home before midnight! We’ll drink ’til we drop!”

Hyun Sangmin shouted confidently and pushed Seol Jihu.

“Look at that. You guys are right on time. Come on in.”

When they arrived at the pork belly restaurant, Phi Sora welcomed them. She told them she had already finished setting the table and insisted that they leave the food and the drink to her. They agreed to her suggestion and settled in their seats before delving into a lively conversation.

“Anyway, Miss Shin Sang-Ah, you were stationed in the same city as me, weren't you?”

“Yes, I was a member of the affiliated organization.”

“It’s strange we haven’t run into each other….”

“Mm. The truth is I really wanted to see you, but…. How should I put this? I felt a little… overwhelmed?”

Shin Sang-Ah cupped her cheeks in her palms and shook her head.

“That makes sense. I mean, look at how far you’ve drifted away from us.”

Hyun Sangmin chimed in.

“Remember how, toward the end of the war, even the big shots were walking on eggshells around you, waiting for days just to talk to you? So, of course, ordinary people like us couldn’t just charge in there and demand to meet you.”

Part of Seol Jihu wanted to tell them they shouldn’t have cared about any of that, but the other part understood why they made that decision. In the end, Seol Jihu simply nodded.

“Don’t be upset. I couldn’t participate in the fortress war because my Level was too low, but I did participate in the final war.”

Hyun Sangmin said triumphantly, tapping his chest with a fist.

“You have nothing on me! I even took part in the fortress war.”

Shin Sang-Ah retorted, and Hyun Sangmin clicked his tongue.

“Hang on, now. I haven’t told you about my brilliant performance during the defense of Smell and Haramahee yet.”

“Wait a minute. Smell? Haramahee? What are you talking about?”

“Smell is the synonym for you-know-what, and Harama-hee, because I can’t say the last syllable. Jeez, do I really have to explain them one by one?”

“What! You can’t seriously be thinking that’s funny?”

Shin Sang-Ah asked in a slightly mocking tone. Hyun Sangmin’s face fell.

“Well then, how do you say it?”

“I say, Haramarkung! And Evang! My way’s better.”

“That’s even weirder. What’s with Evang? Do you think you’re Patamon or somethin’? I say Iva is way better. You know, replace the e with i.”

“Ah! I hate it!”

Waving a hand, Shin Sang-Ah broke into laughter.

Seol Jihu, who was about to recommend Sangramark for Haramark and Love Bar for Eva, quietly shut his mouth.

“Hold on~ Fire coming through~”

While Shin Sang-Ah and Hyun Sangmin continued to argue over whose method was better, Phi Sora loaded coal into the grill and brought the meat.

The quality of the meat was superb. It was thick and pink with beautiful marbling. But Phi Sora didn’t stop at being a waitress. She grilled the meat herself and even offered them bean paste stew, ramen, and all kinds of drinks for free.

“I love you, Unni!”

Shin Sang-Ah gave Phi Sora a thumbs-up.

“Hmph, but this is nothing. Eat up, everyone.”

Phi Sora raised her chin proudly.

“Hey, pretty face, I think we’ve met before…. Are you up for a date with—”

“No, thank you.”

She cut Hyun Sangmin off immediately.

“Hmph! Well, it does look like you made an effort, so good job.”

Yi Seol-Ah chirped, and Phi Sora frowned at her.

“Hey, you, don’t get all cocky with me. And, although I’m sure you two already know this, I’m gonna say it anyway for the record. No. Alcohol. For. You.”

Phi Sora gestured at Yi Seol-Ah and Yi Sungjin with the tongs in her hand.

“But why? I’m twenty now.”

With a smug expression, Yi Seol-Ah put a hand on her waist.

“Really? Well then, you can drink, but not Yi Sungjin.”

“Oh, come on. Orabeo-nim said he could!”

“Nope, he can’t. I’m the owner of this restaurant. I ain’t selling.”

“Cheapskate!”

“It can’t be helped. They said businesses deemed to promote underage drinking could be subjected to censorship…. I’m kidding. The real reason is that it’s the end of the year, and police raids are more common.”

“…Who were you talking to just now?”

“Oh, you wouldn’t know.”

Phi Sora answered, cutting up the pork belly with scissors.

The atmosphere remained lively even after the small arguments. The meat was delicious, the vegetables were fresh, and the people were great. It was only natural since all of them liked and respected each other.

“That’s right. Can you tell us your story now?”

Hyun Sangmin asked, raising his glass to his lips after a toast.

“My story?”

“Yup, because quite frankly, neither I nor Elephant Sang-Ah over here have much to talk about. But, you do.”

“Who are you calling Elephant Sang-Ah?”[1]

Shin Sang-Ah fumed.

Phi Sora, who had been listening to their conversation as she flipped the pork bellies, quickly lowered her head.

“Hak!”

She broke into laughter.

“Hey, don’t get me wrong! I’m not laughing because it’s funny! I’m laughing because it’s absurd! Elephant Sang-Ah…!”

‘Hak! Hak!’ Phi Sora cackled.

Shin Sang-Ah grabbed Hyun Sangmin by the collar and shook him.

“What?”

“I’m gonna kill you!”

“But, you’re curious, too.”

“How is this even related to…. I mean, yeah, I am.”

Shin Sang-Ah turned her gaze back to Seol Jihu, her eyes gleaming with curiosity.

“Mm…. I just don’t know where to start. It’s a very long story.”

Seol Jihu fidgeted with his glass.

“Come on, don’t be shy. We’ve got all the time in the world! We’ll see it through.”

“Can you tell me about your first day in Evang? I’m dying to know why you did what you did!”

A light flickered in Shin Sang-Ah’s eyes as she hurriedly took out a small notebook and a pen from her pocket. She looked almost like a journalist now.

“Oh, I can tell you about that night. It still gets me frustrated after all this time.”

Phi Sora joined the conversation, and it wasn't long until she took charge of the group.

“Okay, so here we are at our new home, right? We’re all pretty excited and looking around the building when suddenly this guy shows up in the middle of the night, and….”

She wasn’t called Big Sis for nothing. Phi Sora was a natural entertainer. She knew how to tell a story. Thanks to her, everyone enjoyed their time.

Of course, talking wasn’t the only thing they did. Everyone ate to their hearts’ content before getting up to take a break from food.

“I’ll pay for the first round!”

“Alright! I’ll take the second round, then!”

Their next stop was karaoke.

“Don’t~! Call me~! Cruel womaannn~!”

Starting with Phi Sora, everyone took turns singing.

“Digestion finished! Let’s move on to the third round!”

“Go, go, go! Even if you can’t eat it, GO!”

The night continued without an end in sight. They had a lot to talk about, and Seol Jihu’s story was long like he said it would be. He tried to be as concise as possible, but it still lasted until the fifth round.

“I worked so hard, but I was still framed…. Sometimes I wondered why I had to suffer so much….”

“….”

“It was hard…. I’m a human too, you know…. It’s been hard…. I wanted to quit many times, but… but….”

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly and raised his empty glass. Someone refilled his glass with soju. This, someone, was Yun Seora, judging from the color of her clothes.

“Ah. Thank you.”

Seol Jihu raised his head and blinked in succession.

He didn’t know this until now, but the room was a mess.

“Uuaaah, uuaaaah….”

Hyun Sangmin lay sprawled on the floor, breathing heavily.

“Hey, heyyyyyy…. I-I can’t…. I can’t do this anymore…. I feel like I’m dying…. I…. I gotta get home….”

Hyun Sangmin managed to escape, his legs shaking under him. He was the first to leave, even though he was the one who suggested that they drink ’til they drop.

Shin Sang-Ah put her head on the table and stopped moving. Her notebook, which she had filled with fervent zeal just hours earlier, was now completely wet with drool.

These two were the better ones.

“POW!”

Yi Seol-Ah punched Seol Jihu in the ribs and twisted her fist in place. She kept calling it a ‘Screw Punch’.

“You’re drunk, Seol-Ah.”

Yi Seol-Ah paused abruptly.

She looked at Seol Jihu with forlorn eyes.

“…But I—”

“Stop.”

Phi Sora covered Yi Seol-Ah’s mouth with her palm.

“Don’t do it…. Seriously… don’t.”

“Eup? Eup, eup!”

“I said, don’t… do it!”

“Eeeeuuup… ueeeeeek!”

The vomit from Yi Seol-Ah’s mouth soaked Phi Sora’s palm.

Phi Sora screamed in horror.

“…I’m sorry.”

Yi Sungjin, probably the only sober one remaining, apologized on his sister’s behalf.

“I think we better get going now before Noona makes more mistakes….”

“Blechh…. Pow! Oh! Barf! Punch~!”

Yi Sungjin dragged Yi Seol-Ah away, who was now punching her brother and throwing up at the same time.

Seol Jihu shook his head and turned his eyes forward.

Opposite him was Yun Seora, who was staring at him with a flushed face.

“I’m surprised you’re fine, Miss Yun Seora…. Are you a big drinker…?”

“Whaat?”

Maybe she’s not fine. Seol Jihu thought. Her voice sounds too high.

“I dunnnooo…. It’s bitter, and it doesn’t taste very goood….”

“Yeah…?”

“But you… look like a big drinker, Mister….”

Seol Jihu smirked.

“Well, for me… this stuff is basically like juice….”

“Reeeally…?”

“To a man who’s been through so many hardships like me…. The bitter taste of alcohol only feels sweet….”

Seol Jihu emptied his glass in one swallow.

“Keu…! You shouldn’t drink like me, Miss Yun Seora…. It’s bad for your health….”

The moment he said so, he flinched. Yun Seora was no longer sitting across from him. Instead, she was sitting next to him, staring at him, with his hand in hers.

“Why are you so sad…?”

“W-Wait….”

“Tell meee…. I’ll lend you a shoulderrr….”

Her eyes, burning with a dangerous passion, gazed at Seol Jihu.

“Ah~ We should really go home now.”

Phi Sora smacked her lips and got up from her seat.

“NO! TELL ME!”

Yun Seora threw a tantrum.

“TELL ME NOW!!”

Seol Jihu and Phi Sora each grabbed one of Yun Seora’s arms and dragged her outside. She remained unfettered even while Phi Sora was catching a cab.

“Ya! Seol!”

Suddenly, she pointed a finger at Seol Jihu.

“Yaseol! Jihu! Ahahahaha!”

Then she began to roll on the ground laughing.

“Yaseol Jihu! Did you get that? Yaseol Jihu! Zzz….”

“….”

“Ya! Seol!”

“….”

“Answer me!”

“…Yes….”

“Jihu! Yaseol, Jihu! Uhehehe!”

Seol Jihu was able to get Yun Seora into a cab only after letting her call him ‘Yaseol Jihu’ about seven more times.

“You never know what people are really like… until you’ve seen them drunk, you know?”

Phi Sora clicked her tongue, but she also looked pretty drunk.

“You, on the other hand…. You’re holding out well….”

“I can hold my liquor….”

“Liar~ I can tell you’re totally wasted~”

“So are you, Miss Phi Sora….”

“Nope! I’m not drunk! Not… at… all.”

Phi Sora smacked Seol Jihu on the shoulder twice before pulling him towards her, saying it was still too early to part ways and that they should shoot for another round.

“It’ll be like rinsing your mouth~”

“But where….?”

“At the convenience store, dummy! Come onnnn…. It’ll be quick. Okay?”

“So, we’re drinking outside now…?”

“You wanna freeze to death? My place is just nearby~”

Phi Sora bought a few bottles of soju from the convenience store and led the way.

Seol Jihu seemed less than convinced.

“I think you’re already drunk….”

“I told you I’m not! Or could it be… you’re running away because you’re scared I’m gonna beat you?”

“Haha…. So you’re doing it again…. Watch out, or you’re gonna end up crying again….”

“What? Fine. Let’s do this. Let’s go. You are so dead, dear.”

Phi Sora staggered down the street, waving the bag in her hand in a circle.

Her place was smaller than he’d expected. It was a room of about 40 square meters, but it had everything a person needed. They slumped down on the ground and took soju and snacks out of the bag.

“Sooo…. What were you gonna say earlier…?”

“Wha…?”

“Earlier…. You said you wanted to quit… but…?”

Phi Sora tilted her head.

“But….”

Seol Jihu raised the paper cup to his mouth and continued.

“But… I was able to carry on… thanks to my comrades….”

“….”

“If it weren’t for them… I would’ve fallen a long time ago…. And I’m indebted to them….”

Seol Jihu’s face turned serious.

Phi Sora’s face also fell.

“You too… Miss Phi Sora….”

“Ah… Come on~”

Phi Sora turned her head and waved a hand.

“Jeez~ You know I don’t like cheesy….”

“But, I really mean it….”

Seol Jihu wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.

“I haven’t told you this, but… back then… I was so touched… when you stayed silent in front of that bastard….”

“Who? Ah! You mean that bastard, that vampire bastard? When he almost killed me?”

“Yes, then… I… realized how loyal you could be…. I didn’t like you very much at first, you see….”

“Ha! As if I wasn’t!”

Phi Sora let out a chuckle.

“But now… I admit that you aren’t too bad! You’re always looking for boobs, and you’re a child, and I sometimes think you have a split personality…. But! You aren’t too bad. I can acknowledge that.”

“What do you mean?”

“Jeez! Now can we talk about something else? Something more fun and exciting? You’re making the soju taste bad…. Ugh, why is it so damn hot in here!?”

Phi Sora took off her coat and threw it on the floor. Then she took off her pants, saying she felt too stuffy. Wearing nothing but a white dress shirt, she looked undeniably sexy.

“Something more fun….”

The tip of Seol Jihu’s mouth slanted upward.

“Ah. Did you know that you’re supposed to call me Oppa…?”

“Ang?”

“Remember…? That ramen bet from before…?”

“Ah! That!”

Phi Sora laughed.

“Come on! Aren’t we comrades? Can’t you go easy on me?”

“A bet is a bet….”

“See, this is what I don’t like about you. You’re so strict, and narrow-minded, and….”

“B. E. T.”

“Ah! Fine, fine! I’ll do it! Oppaaaa~!”

Phi Sora jumped into Seol Jihu’s arms.

“Jihu Oppaang~ Am I pretty? Am I? Am I?”

She rubbed her face against Seol Jihu’s chest.

“Of course you are…. You’re even prettier now than usual….”

With a giggle, Seol Jihu stroked Phi Sora’s hair. His eyes had already lost their focus, and his tongue was tripping. Both of them were not in their right mind.

“But last time you said I was ugly!”

“When did I say that…? That was a lie…. You’re the prettiest, Sora….”

“Reeeally…? What’s so pretty about meee…?”

Phi Sora’s breath smelled of alcohol.

Seol Jihu also released the breath that he had been holding in.

“How can you not be pretty….”

Seol Jihu tilted his head slightly backward and patted Phi Sora on the back.

“You might complain… but you always follow my command… and you’re always putting your life on the line for our cause….”

“….”

“Really… you’ve done so well….”

“….”

“Thank you….”

Phi Sora, who had been listening in silence, pressed her head to Seol Jihu’s chest.

“…Idiot.”

She muttered in a small voice.

“That’s not what I asked….”

And then….

“….”

“….”

Silence descended.

Phi Sora breathed quietly in Seol Jihu’s arms.

Seol Jihu gently stroked Phi Sora’s back, his eyes fixed on the ceiling.

Then, all of a sudden, Phi Sora slowly raised her head.

Seol Jihu lowered his.

Two pairs of eyes, entirely out of focus, looked into each other.

Their heated gazes met, locked, and entangled, with still many hours left until sunrise.

1. Sang-Ah means elephant tusk.





Side Story 18. The Outcome of Playing With Fire


Phi Sora had a dream.

It was a shitty dream.

The reason was that Seol Jihu appeared in it.

Phi Sora saw herself pointing at a dazedly standing Seol Jihu while yelling that she had no plans of marrying that man and asking how marriage would even be possible.

Ding dong.

Then, Phi Sora woke up at the sound of her doorbell ringing. She furrowed her brows slightly as warm sunlight shone down on her face.

“Euuu….”

Opening her eyes, Phi Sora’s face gradually distorted. She was in a terrible state.

First was the intoxication. Perhaps because she went for six rounds of drinks last night, her brain was still ringing.

And setting the inebriation aside, she was sore all over as if she had been beaten up in the middle of the night. The lower part of her belly was especially painful, as though a hundred needles were poking her.

That said, a firm, warm sensation was supporting her back, giving her an unknown sense of safety….

“?”

Phi Sora’s eyes shot open. Her heart sank. She flopped unwittingly and then hurriedly looked back.

Sure enough, she saw Seol Jihu asleep on her bed. He had his back firmly planted against her own. What was important was that he was naked.

Phi Sora lifted the blankets just to be sure and immediately bit her lower lip. She was naked, just like him. She wasn’t even wearing underwear, exposing her bare body.

After blankly looking down at her body for a while...

‘Ah, fuck…!’

Realizing what had transpired, Phi Sora quickly shut her eyes.

‘Why did I…!’

She suddenly got angry at herself.

“Ah, shit… argh…”

Frowning heavily, Phi Sora constantly sighed and nibbled on her poor lips.

Ding dong.

The bell rang again.

“Grrr… Who is it so early in the morning…?”

Phi Sora stood up with difficulty.

“Agh….”

Frowning at the pang of pain that ran down her stomach…

“....”

She suddenly appeared depressed after looking at the bed.

The traces of deflowerment remained on her crotch along with dried-up stains on the sheets. Everything she saw around her was telling her what happened the previous night.

...No, in truth, she knew from the moment she opened her eyes. It wasn’t as if she blacked out. She still had faint memories of what happened during the night. Although it wasn’t complete, the feeling of doing it with Seol Jihu was vivid.

Calling Seol Jihu Oppa, undressing one by one as if possessed by something, embracing Seol Jihu who pounced like a wild beast, and then screaming and panting crazily….

Phi Sora looked at the scratch marks on Seol Jihu’s back with a complex gaze.

Ding dong! Ding dong! Ding dong!

“Agh! I’m coming!”

Hearing the repeatedly ringing bell, she yelled angrily and walked to the door.

“Crazy…. Just crazy…. How could I…. Arrrrgh…!”

Phi Sora blamed herself while putting on her clothes.

Of course, Seol Jihu was also on the verge of going insane. He woke up at Phi Sora’s rustling and realized what happened soon after.

Seol Jihu also remembered what happened last night. He coveted every corner of Phi Sora’s warm body and mixed skin with her. Though he panted in pleasure during the act, now that he had come to his senses….

‘No, no, there’s no way. I must be dreaming.’

He denied reality first.

However…

“Who is it?”

“Excuse me!”

When Phi Sora opened the door, a voice that was no less angry than Phi Sora’s burst out. The owner of the voice was huffing and puffing, clearly having come with the intent to fight.

“I’m your neighbor. How can you be so inconsiderate?”

Phi Sora frowned when the woman started with angry yelling.

“What are you talking about?”

“What am I talking about? Don’t pretend like you don’t know. Give me a break.”

“What?”

“I said, give me a break! Do you have any idea how loud you were? How are you going to make up for me not getting any sleep!?”

“Huh? No, I—”

“No? Excuse me, but do you know how loud your moans were? I almost called the police because I started hearing howls in the middle of the night!”

“Howls?”

“But after listening in for a while, I was just dumbstruck. How kinky and perverted do you have to be to sound like that?”

“What? Kinky? Perverted?”

“What was it again? Jihu Oppa? Is that person, Jihu Oppa, over there?”

Phi Sora was startled.

“I told you, I heard everything!”

The woman who came at the break of dawn yelled loudly. She was so loud that the apartment hallway was ringing.

“Do you think that’s all?”

The neighbor took out her cellphone as if to put the nail in the coffin. After tapping on the screen a couple of times, a recording started playing.

—Huk…! Huk…!

—Aaaaah…! M-More…! Yeah…! It’s so good…!

The sound was a little unclear, perhaps because of the wall between the two rooms, but it was obvious that the voices belonged to Phi Sora and Seol Jihu.

Phi Sora became speechless. Seol Jihu also flinched.

The recording continued, playing lines such as ‘Aang!’, ‘Hnnnng!’, and ‘Ah, fuck, ah! I love you! I fucking love you!’

“W-What the hell are you doing? Are you crazy?”

Phi Sora reached toward the phone in a fluster, but the woman stepped backward and avoided her.

—Euk! Auuek! Eeeihoooo!

Phi Sora doubted her ears. It was definitely her voice, but she really said all those things?

“What the heck is eeeihoooo!? Did you ride a horse or something?”

The woman snorted.

Phi Sora’s face reddened. Thinking deeply, she did recall getting on top of Seol Jihu and shaking her hips excitedly.

“...Get out.”

In the end, Phi Sora told the woman off dejectedly.

“What? Is that all you have to say to me?”

“I get it, so get out!”

Phi Sora pushed the woman out forcefully.

“You’re not the only one who lives in this building. Be mindful of others! If this happens again, I’ll call the police!”

The woman shouted even as she was being pushed out.

Kwang!

The front door slammed shut.

“Damn it, that woman…. I really need to move or something….”

Phi Sora grumbled and furrowed her brows seeing the clothes strewn on the floor. She threw off the clothes she was wearing and trudged into the bathroom.

Chwaaaaa!

As the sound of the shower rang out, Seol Jihu clutched his head with his hands.

‘Yuhui….’

He first felt guilt. He was also sorry towards Phi Sora, and he belatedly remembered his mother’s words.

‘I should have listened to her….’

It was too late to regret now when the milk was already spilled.

While Seol Jihu was writhing in regret, Phi Sora finished showering and came out. After neatly folding the clothes lying around the floor, she went to the kitchen and turned on the stove.

Washing the rice, preparing to cook the rice… While an awkward silence lingered in the air, the smell of dried pollack soup wafted out.

Soon, the sound of a small table being placed rang out.

“Oi.”

Seol Jihu, who was pretending to be asleep, flinched.

“Get up.”

Seol Jihu slowly raised his upper body.

“Heup!”

At the same time, something flew at him and covered his face.

It was his underwear.

When he pulled it down, he saw Phi Sora wearing a t-shirt and shorts.

“Put your clothes on and eat.”

Phi Sora was looking at him with her left hand on her hip and her right hand stretched out in a throwing position. She was expressionless.

Surprised, Seol Jihu quietly put on his clothes and then sat down in front of the table where steaming white rice and dried pollack soup were placed.

He picked up the spoon but did not have much of an appetite.

“Stop walking around eggshells and just eat! I have a headache thinking about what happened anyway!”

Only when Phi Sora yelled did he take a couple of spoonfuls of the soup. It was unexpectedly clear and flavorful.

“Slurp. Huu…. I feel much better now.”

After Phi Sora was done with the soup, she glanced at Seol Jihu from the opposite side. He was still hardly eating, seemingly in great shock.

“...Just so you know.”

After pondering over what to say, Phi Sora finally said.

Seol Jihu also stopped moving and listened in carefully.

“I can’t take responsibility.”

Seol Jihu widened his eyes at Phi Sora’s declaration.

“I’ll take care of my own matters, so you take care of yours.”

“....”

“What I mean is, let’s both pretend it didn’t happen.”

Seol Jihu stared at Phi Sora fixedly, like she was being slightly harsh.

“I’m not saying I’m not at fault, but you should have been more careful too.”

Phi Sora put down her spoon.

“Anyway, I don’t know what to do, so you take care of what you have to.”

She got up and sprawled down on her bed. Seol Jihu looked back at Phi Sora at a loss for what to do.

“Miss Phi Sora.”

“If you’re done eating, leave. I’ll clean up later.”

Phi Sora said in a meek voice. She turned around, saying she had a headache and a stomachache.

Seol Jihu tried to talk to her a couple more times, but Phi Sora did not reply.

*

After leaving Phi Sora’s apartment room, Seol Jihu trudged through the streets. His mind was in a mess, and he wasn’t sure what to do.

Phi Sora might be able to keep quiet, but Seol Jihu couldn’t. How sad would Seo Yuhui be if she found out? And how disappointed would she be?

‘I need help… or at least someone to give me some advice….’

Seol Jihu began to go through different people in his mind.

His family…? No. They would probably call him the biggest bastard under heaven.

‘Kim Hannah?’

No, she was no good either. She would surely only nag at him and then tell him to figure it out himself.

‘Master Jang?’

He would probably hit him with his cane instead.

‘Master Ian… probably wouldn’t help either. Arrrrrgh.’

Seol Jihu screamed internally. He wanted to crawl into a hole.

Unable to bear the guilt any longer, Seol Jihu entered a secluded alleyway and ripped the paper slip to Paradise.

*

“I don’t know. I don’t understand why I did it! I should have been more careful…. It’s all because of that damned alcohol…!”

“....”

“What should I do? What am I supposed to do now?”

Seol Jihu blabbered on and on while pacing back and forth. Next to him was a young man in a black armor, who looked just like him. Smoking a cigarette, he listened to Seol Jihu’s story with an apathetic face.

Right, the person Seol Jihu went to help for was Black Seol Jihu. After mulling over what to do, he had asked Gula to open up the Path of the Soul.

“Huu~”

Black Seol Jihu breathed out a puff of white smoke and spoke. Unless Seol Jihu was mistaken, he looked more emaciated than the last time Seol Jihu saw him.

“Buddy….”

Black Seol Jihu called Seol Jihu while putting out his cigarette.

“Just give it a rest….”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. Given Black Seol Jihu’s personality, Seol Jihu had expected a scolding, but his voice was surprisingly gentle. He also sounded like he had given up.

“You can’t do anything about it…. I told you…. Just accept it….”

Black Seol Jihu suddenly turned somber. Seol Jihu followed suit with a gloomy expression.

“But… when I think about Yuhui….”

“She should already know.”

“Huh?”

“Well, I guess I should say she knew this would happen.”

Black Seol Jihu spoke calmly.

“How?”

“Do you remember Luxuria’s fortune-telling during the festival?”

“Yeah….”

“Yuhui apparently stayed for a bit afterward. Luxuria must have said something then.”

Black Seol Jihu sighed.

“And… it won’t be as big of a deal as you think. Of course, she’ll bring it up every now and then for the next couple of decades, but I’m sure you can handle that much.”

“...What happens afterward?”

Seol Jihu asked in curiosity. Of course, he wasn't expecting a clear-cut answer given the restriction Black Seol Jihu was under, but he at least wanted a hint.

“Let’s see, what did I do again…? Oh yeah, I first broke up with Yuhui.”

“Huh? Wait, you said it wasn’t that big of a deal!”

“Yuhui wasn’t the one who broke up with me. I broke up with her one-sidedly.”

Black Seol Jihu spoke while picking at his teeth.

“I couldn’t handle the guilt. But you know, time will solve everything. You really need to treat Yuhui well. Oh, Charlotte Aria and Chohong too. Argh, you son of a bitch.”

Seol Jihu was going to ask what he meant but furrowed his brows instead. He remembered how Black Seol Jihu referred to them as Hughug and Honghong.

“What’s going on? I thought you couldn’t reveal the details.”

“Oh, this?”

Black Seol Jihu picked at his ear, looking a little bored.

“It doesn’t matter now. Do you remember how Suna-nim came to the restaurant alone a few days ago?”

“Yes.”

“She gave Gula something to solve the issue with contribution points, remember?”

“Oh, that flaming orb?”

“Yep, that. Apparently, that thing is incredible beyond our imagination.”

“How so?”

“Reviving the Chief Deity and all seven Virtues wouldn’t even put a dent in it."

Black Seol Jihu continued.

“You have a near-infinite amount of contribution points because of it, and Gula said she can suppress the backlash of talking about our personal affairs. I’m not too sure, but apparently, it’s because it is the power of a Heaven-rank 10 god.”

Seol Jihu, who was listening carefully, suddenly jumped in a bout of enlightenment.

“Wait, then…!”

“Nope.”

However, Black Seol Jihu cut him off immediately.

“Drop the idea. It’s a waste of contribution points.”

“...What do you think I was trying to suggest?”

“Weren’t you going to reverse the time by a day and make it so it never happened?”

Seol Jihu looked shocked. He looked at Black Seol Jihu in disbelief.

“Buddy, I’m you. I tried everything. What do you think is the first thing I did when I went back in time?”

“What?”

“Making a Divine Wish. I prayed so that I would never do it with Phi Sora. It seemed to work for the most part in Paradise.”

Black Seol Jihu continued.

“The problem was on Earth. I lived quietly in Paradise for about a month, and then when I went back to Earth, I immediately called Hyung and asked him for more of that sobering up medicine.”

“And?”

“He said there were none left. So I went to every pharmacy I could find, bought all the medicine that supposedly worked, and kept them on me at all times.”

“Then….”

“But it was of no use.”

Black Seol Jihu smacked his lips.

“I wasn’t even trying to meet her. I didn’t drink alcohol either. But when I woke up in the morning, she was lying next to me.”

“....”

“We ran into each other on the streets, met at a drinking party with friends and even at housewarming parties…. I even threw everything aside and left the country, but she was already on a vacation at my destination. Do you know how many times I went back in time by a day?”

“....”

“That’s when I realized. Ah, this is how hard it is to defy fate. There’s nothing you can do about a pre-determined future….”

Black Seol Jihu sighed again.

“Just as I was about to give up in despair, I got a hint from Luxuria. To change this fate, which would require the law of the universe to be twisted, the power of a Heaven-rank 9 god would need to get involved.”

“Ah, in that case….”

“Yep, so I went to our neighbors as a last resort. What do you think happened?”

Black Seol Jihu asked. It didn’t sound like he got the answer he wanted.

“They refused firmly.”

“Why not use our ramen to…!”

“It’s precisely because of the ramen.”

Black Seol Jihu spoke dejectedly.

“I’m not sure because I haven’t experienced it yet, but apparently, one of my children with Phi Sora will inherit our ramen skills completely.”

“....”

“You’ve heard of the saying, pupil exceeds the master, right? That kid will apparently go beyond inheriting our skills and surpass it by a level. That means even better ramen will be created in the future, so the gods refused since helping us would mean they would not be able to taste this ramen.”

“....”

“So it’s fine. Don’t waste your time and just give up….”

Seol Jihu became speechless. This was the first time he saw Black Seol Jihu in complete self-abandonment. It looked like he tried to change the fate more than Seol Jihu expected as well.

“...No.”

Seol Jihu clenched his fists.

“I might be different. No, I will be different.”

Black Seol Jihu snorted.

“Didn’t you say the same thing before?”

Seol Jihu did a double-take.

[You go with someone without knowing they’re preying on you, and then you get devoured. You get drunk and make a mistake, you get swept away by the mood, and that leads to another….]

[That’s you, not me.]

[Don’t be ridiculous. I’m you, you!”

[Don’t worry, I’ll change that future for you too.]

[Haha! Hilarious!!]

Seol Jihu remembered the conversation he had with Black Seol Jihu before the final battle.

“Then what… you just want me to sit still and not do anything?”

“Hmm….”

Black Seol Jihu took out a new cigarette and bit down on it. After organizing his thoughts, he said.

“Well, it’s not like I can’t give you some advice…. After all, your future is my future….”

Tzzt. He lit the cigarette.

“But what use would it be to tell you a hundred times? Won’t it be better if you see it yourself just once? You know, like the saying, seeing once is better than hearing it a hundred times.”

With that, he glanced at Seol Jihu.

“Listen.”

Heaving out a puff of smoke, he spoke.

“Why don’t you go see the future?”





Side Story 19. The Future Seol Jihu


“The future?”

Seol Jihu was caught off guard.

“Yep, the future. Don’t you want to know what your future looks like?”

Black Seol Jihu spoke like it wasn’t a big deal.

“Well… I obviously am. But can I?”

“Not normally.”

Black Seol Jihu said outright.

“But it’s not like you don’t have contribution points, and the Seven Sins adore you too. It’s not possible normally, but I’m sure they’ll overlook it.”

That’s how it was when I went back in time too. Black Seol Jihu added.

“I don’t know…. What would I even do there…?”

Seol Jihu scratched his head. Going to the future this abruptly…. It didn’t really resonate with him.

“What are you talking about? It sounds like you actually don’t understand. You don’t need to do anything in the future. Why interfere with the future when it doesn’t need to be changed?”

Black Seol Jihu said firmly.

“Didn’t you say you were anxious and unsure of what to do?”

“Yes.”

“So I’m telling you to go and see. If you see and experience things for yourself, I’m sure you’ll realize something.”

“Mm….”

“And maybe that realization can guide you. That’s just what I think.”

Seol Jihu rubbed his chin at Black Seol Jihu’s explanation.

‘True. Seeing the future doesn’t sound like a bad idea….’

Still, there were a few things that bothered him. Rather, he should say he still wasn’t clear on a couple of things.

“If I go… what point in time should I go to?”

“Hmm, yeah, you should decide that too. I’m not sure. I’d tell you to come to my present time, but that seems dangerous.”

“?”

“In Earth’s time, you and I are only a few years apart. So I’m still in my transition period.”

Transition period. So that was why Black Seol Jihu looked so exhausted. Seol Jihu pitied him inwardly. However, he shuddered in the next moment, realizing that this was his future in a few years.

“Why not go to the future 10 to 20 years from now?”

“That far?”

“Things should be under the wraps by then. Don’t you think it will be better to see and experience things in a calmer environment?”

Seol Jihu nodded as he didn’t find anything to disagree with.

“I don’t know if Gula-nim will allow it, though. I heard two same people can’t exist in the same time-frame simultaneously.”

“That’s for the gods to take care of…. I’m fairly certain it would be possible. I mean, we both are existing in the same time frame, aren’t we?”

“Future Vision, you mean?”

“Yep. In your case, you would probably become Past Vision or something. I’m sure the gods can come up with something.”

The current Seol Jihu would be sending his will to the future Seol Jihu and then temporarily manifesting the will of the past in future time. Of course, for this process to go smoothly, it would need to happen under the future Seol Jihu’s agreement. That was the explanation Black Seol Jihu gave.

“That’s a problem then. I don’t know if a future self of mine would be willing to help.”

“Don’t worry about that. I’m sure there will be plenty.”

Black Seol Jihu replied calmly.

“Why?”

“Hey.”

Black Seol Jihu turned his head and glared at Seol Jihu.

“Let me say this again. You’re one hell of a son of a bitch.”

Seol Jihu shut his mouth. He couldn’t deny it.

“Of course, I’m the same. No, it’s not just the two of us. Regardless of the reason, all Seol Jihus, who touched a woman other than Yuhui, are a son of a bitch.”

“Euk….”

“Anyway, if one son-of-a-bitch requested help from his future son-of-a-bitch self by saying, Please help me be less of a son-of-a-bitch, then who’s going to say no? It’s not like you’re doing this just for yourself. You’re doing this for everyone!”

“....”

“The point is, there is nothing you need to worry about. We’re all running on the same track. I’m sure one of the Seol Jihus in front of you will respond. I guarantee it.”

“...Okay.”

Seol Jihu finally nodded his head.

“Thinking about it, I guess I’m not in a position to be picky. I should do something, so I’ll give this a try.”

“Good, that’s more like it.”

Black Seol Jihu spat out his cigarette and got up.

“Don’t forget.”

Then, he spoke.

“You’re taking up arms for all Seol Jihus on the same train track. You have a huge responsibility.”

Seol Jihu clenched his fists.

“Got it. I’ll take my leave now.”

“Okay. Strike while the iron is hot, right? Good luck.”

*

After leaving the Path of the Soul, Seol Jihu stood in front of Gula’s statue and bowed. There was no need to explain everything in depth. After all, Gula could read his mind.

[Child, I understand what you want, but….]

Seol Jihu could hear Gula clicking her tongue. Just like Black Seol Jihu said, she didn’t seem all that excited about the prospect of him going to the future.

[Time will solve everything anyway. Must you really go?]

‘Yes, I want to go.’

Seol Jihu was not shaken.

‘Even if time will solve my problems… in the end, that means other people will bear the wounds that I caused them.’

[That will not change just because you go to the future. Give up. This matter is not something you can do anything about.]

‘Even if the root of the problem doesn’t change, I at least want to try everything within my power.’

[Well, I guess it’s better than going back in time countless times like that guy….]

Gula sighed.

[This isn’t the first time I’ve thought this, but you sure are selfish.]

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly at Gula’s words. He didn’t know what to say. After all, he was doing this to lessen the guilt and regret he felt.

[...Found it.]

‘Huh?’

[I found a future that responded to your call…. Wait, why are there so many?]

Gula sighed.

[Wait just a moment. I’m talking with my future self to create Past Vision and its settings.]

Soon, Gula said she was done and began to give a detailed explanation.

[There will be a time limit. You will only be able to stay in the future for six hours in Earth’s time.]

[As for what you are allowed to do, Past Vision will terminate if you do anything to interfere with the future more than what is necessary.]

Six hours…. Though it wasn’t much time, Seol Jihu decided to be grateful. After all, going back in time would be completely different than going to the future.

[Have you bore them in mind?]

‘Yes.’

[Good.]

Darkness spread out from Gula’s statue.

[Come closer, my child.]

Seol Jihu bowed while walking closer step by step. At the same time, the feeling of his body being sucked in crept over him. By now, he was familiar with this feeling.

*

Opening his eyes, Seol Jihu furrowed his brows. Bright sunlight was shining down on him.

‘This is….’

He saw a familiar ceiling. Seol Jihu immediately began to assess the situation.

‘Am I home?’

Although he only moved to his new apartment recently, he recognized the place as his home in SY Apartments.

‘Just how far into the future am I…?’

Because he came to the future in a rush, he had little to no information about what point in time he arrived at.

Seol Jihu first tried to get out of bed but then blinked in a daze.

His body was… heavy?

Now that he looked, the blanket covering him was bulging out. His left arm was also numb.

“?”

Seol Jihu lifted the blanket a little and immediately frowned. A slender leg was placed on top of his stomach.

Turning to the right unwittingly…

“!”

Seol Jihu almost screamed.

It was because a long-haired woman was sleeping right next to him.

Of course, a situation like this was totally within his expectations, but….

‘M-Miss Eun Yuri?’

The problem was that the woman was Eun Yuri.

“Hnnng….”

A soft breath tickled his nose. At first, he didn’t even realize she was Eun Yuri, but the beauty mark under her eye gave it away.

She no longer had the youthful charm of the past and instead gave off a mature, ripened aura.

The woman to Seol Jihu’s left was even more shocking.

‘Princess Teresa?’

Teresa was sleeping soundly with her head on Seol Jihu’s left arm.

‘Wait, I thought I was on Earth!’

Paradisians could also come to Earth? Seol Jihu was taken aback as this was the first time he learned of the matter.

‘L-Let’s get up first.’

Seol Jihu slipped out of bed carefully, taking care not to wake up the two sleeping women. After putting on clothes, he examined himself in the mirror.

‘I don’t look all that different….’

Did something happen? He looked slightly older, of course, but not to the point he was noticeably different.

At that moment, a pleased moan flowed out.

“Mmn…. You’re up?”

It was Teresa’s voice. Seol Jihu, who was touching his face while looking in the mirror, looked back in a fluster.

“Haaaam~ You’re up early today. I thought you’d sleep for longer after going hard all night.”

Teresa raised her upper body while stretching. The blankets slipped down and revealed her naked body, but Teresa did not seem to mind all that much.

“Hm? If you have some stamina left, do you want to get rid of it?”

Teresa looked at the dazedly staring Seol Jihu and giggled while tapping on the bed. It was then.

“Good morning….”

With a slightly hoarse voice, Eun Yuri got up while rubbing her eyes.

“What time is it now…?”

Looking at the clock with sleepy eyes, she suddenly opened her eyes wide.

She then got up in a hurry, dressed, and ran out the door while shouting, ‘Jiyu! Jiyu!’

It was the same for Teresa.

“Oh my, my. I totally forgot. See you later, honey!”

She also glanced at the clock before running out in a hurry.

‘Honey…?’

Seol Jihu stood in a daze for a while before slowly walking outside. By the time he got to the living room, a fragrant smell was wafting out. Sniffing, Seol Jihu stopped when he got to the kitchen.

Tong, tong, tong, tong. The sound of a knife hitting the cutting board rang out. Hnng, hnng~ A hum echoed out.

A woman was cutting vegetables in the kitchen. Seol Jihu stared in disbelief before speaking.

“...Chohong?”

The humming stopped. A woman wearing an apron turned around.

Seol Jihu’s breath stopped. Though her past fierceness had died down significantly, the woman giving off a more mature aura was none other than Chung Chohong.

“Oh, you’re up?”

She even knew how to speak Korean. She had a bit of an accent, but he had no problem understanding her.

“Don’t worry too much. Miss Yuhui got up earlier and is getting everyone ready. They’ll be able to make it in time.”

Chohong turned back.

“Anyway, what’s up with you today?”

“Hmm?”

“You always sneak up on me in the morning and hug me from behind. You’re not doing it today.”

“No, I…. Did I do that?”

“You never listened when I said no, and now that I stopped caring, you’re not doing it anymore? Well~ You don’t have to do it if you don’t want to~ I don’t care~”

Despite saying so, Seol Jihu had a feeling something bad would happen if he didn’t.

‘I have to avoid looking suspicious.’

Seol Jihu stealthily walked up and gently hugged Chohong.

“Man, it feels like I’m forcing you to.”

Chohong still laughed like she didn’t hate it.

“Oh, Miss Hannah can’t come home today because of work. She told us to look after Jinah.”

“Huh? Ah….”

Chohong suddenly nudged Seol Jihu with her elbow.

“I’m fine, so you can go.”

“Hmm?”

“The kids have been waiting for a while.”

Chohong gestured toward the kitchen table.

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

Would they be middle schoolers? A boy and a girl looked at him from the kitchen table, each with a bowl in front of them.

“Oh, Daddy! Chummy as always, huh?”

The girl giggled and whistled. She looked just like Seol Jihu.

“Hey, you should say good morning properly.”

The boy spoke sharply. The way he looked and talked reminded Seol Jihu of Phi Sora.

“Have you slept well, Father?”

The boy bowed respectfully toward Seol Jihu.

Seol Jihu was struck speechless.

Daddy? Father!?

That meant….

“Hope you guys succeed today!”

Chohong cheered them on.

“Of course! I’m confident today because I used the noodle-making method that Daddy taught me a while ago!”

The girl shouted confidently. Then, she glanced at the boy.

“You haven’t learned it yet, right?”

She was boasting proudly.

“I… I still tried my best.”

The boy spoke nervously.

Seol Jihu looked at the kitchen table. Two bowls of naengmyeon were placed on it.

Seol Jihu was about to ask, ‘Am I supposed to eat them?’ But he swallowed his words as it seemed something of a daily morning ritual.

“Mm…. Okay….”

Seol Jihu calmly tasted the two naengmyeons and the soup. His future children must have made it for him by the looks of it. Feeling rather happy, a smile bloomed on Seol Jihu’s face.

“How is it, Dad? I know it can’t compare to yours, but isn’t it better than the one he made?”

The girl asked while boasting.

On the other hand, the boy looked determined as if he was ready to accept any evaluation.

“...They’re good.”

Seol Jihu smiled kindly.

“They’re both tasty.”

At that moment, the boy and the girl put on a strange expression. They seemed to be doubting their ears.

“Uh… Dad, did you eat something wrong this morning?”

The girl scurried up, got on her tip-toes, and put her hand on Seol Jihu’s forehead.

“Hey! Be more respectful to Father!”

“But isn’t it weird?”

“Kids?”

At that moment, a gentle voice cut in between them.

“It’s late. It’s time to go to school.”

This voice…!

‘It’s Yuhui’s!’

As Seol Jihu thought, Seo Yuhui was smiling warmly while looking at the boy and the girl.

“Jihui, you’re going to be late. Put on your uniform and get your bag. You too, sweetie.”

“Yes, Eldest Mother.”

The boy answered right away.

“Ah~ Do I have to go to school~?”

The girl named Jihui harrumphed and turned around.

“Mommy’s a dummy. It’s not like I learn anything by going to school.”

“Hey! Don’t talk to Eldest Mother like that!”

“She’s Eldest Mother for you! For me, she’s just Mommy! And I only need to learn how to make noodles. Wait, no, I don’t really need to learn. Because unlike you, I’m a genius recognized by Father!”

Seol Jihui giggled and ran into her room.

The boy made a vexed face but held in his frustration and disappeared into his room.

“What a surprise. For you to say they taste good. Usually, you say they’re 40 years too early.”

Seo Yuhui smiled. She then saw the blankly standing Seol Jihu and tilted her head.

“What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”

“N-No, I’m fine.”

“It doesn’t look like you have a fever…. Can you help us if you have time?”

“Hm?”

“I thought I would make it in time, but it’s looking a little tight. We still have to wake the kids up, bathe them, give them breakfast…. Ah, Miss Yuri is going to have trouble giving Jiyu medicine, so….”

“Uh, yeah.”

Before Seol Jihu noticed, the time went past eight o’clock in the morning. At the same time, a war broke out in the house. Seol Jihu had no time to figure out whose kids were whose, what their names were, or if they truly were his kids.

“Wake up. It’s time to wake up. Okay?”

“Daddy.”

One child dug into his embrace and refused to leave.

“Okay, be a good girl. Don’t cling to me and wake up.”

“Daddy~”

She clung to him no matter how hard he tried to get her off. It was like he was looking at a baby koala.

That wasn’t all.

“Ah, hey! Don’t close your mouth!”

“Hiiing.”

Another kid refused to eat her medicine.

“Come on, you eat breakfast just fine, so why not your medicine?”

“Hiing!”

You were eating that rolled omelet just fine! Seol Jihu screamed internally. When he tried to feed the girl medicine by sneaking it in the middle of her breakfast, the girl somehow noticed and closed her mouth. She was half-asleep too!

Seol Jihu didn’t know who they took after, but they all seemed to have a screw loose.

What was surprising was that his wives were getting them ready and shipping them off to school one by one.

“Kids~ Don’t forget to say goodbye to Daddy.”

“Dad! I’m off! Bring home lots of money today as well!”

Seol Jihui ran out.

“See you later, Father.”

The polite boy, whose name Seol Jihu did not know yet, bowed and left the house.

“Kids~ Say goodbye to Daddy.”

“Goodbye, Daddwi….”

Two kids in pre-school uniforms rubbed their eyes and bowed.

“Fufu, I’m heading out as well. See you later.”

Yoo Seonhwa held the kids’ hands and then kissed Seol Jihu’s left cheek.

“Then, this side’s mine!”

Teresa kissed his right cheek.

“Jiyu, Daddy isn’t forcing you to take your medicine because he hates you. It’s because he’s worried about you.... Ehew.”

Eun Yuri consoled the girl named Jiyu and then chuckled.

“See you later, Oppa.”

After kissing Seol Jihu on the lips, she picked up Seol Jiyu.

“Wait….”

Seol Jihu walked out of the house, along with his wives and kids. His mind was in complete chaos, but he at least wanted to see the kids’ names with his Nine Eyes.

When he arrived at the elevator, he coincidentally saw his neighbor’s door open.

A teenage girl, who looked like a high schooler, walked out. Her hair and skin both emitted a red light.

‘That’s….’

Seol Jihu’s eyes narrowed.

“Suna Noona, good morning.”

The boy greeted her in a bright voice.

“Yeah, it’s been a while.”

“It has. Have you been well?”

“You know, it’s been the same. How have things been for you? Did your father evaluate your dish today too?

“Ah…. Things were a little hectic this morning. He tasted my dish, but I didn’t get a proper evaluation. He did say it tasted good though….”

The boy smiled faintly. Suna nodded her head.

“Keep up the good work. Talent is something that blooms when you have the passion and put in the effort to meet a clear goal. Your father said he has the highest expectation of you.”

“R-Really?”

“Yep…?”

Suna, who was consoling the boy, suddenly turned her gaze.

After seeing Seol Jihu standing in front of the elevator, she clicked her tongue.

—Don’t cause trouble and go back. I understand why you’re here, but don’t mess with the future that’s going well.

Suna’s voice rang out inside Seol Jihu’s head.

At that moment, the elevator doors opened. When the crowd gathered in front of the elevator left, the hallway became empty.

Seol Jihu finally heaved out the breath he had been holding in.

‘What a morning. Really….’

Half of his precious six hours had disappeared already.

Seol Jihu bit his lower lip.

‘I’m experiencing the future… but what am I supposed to do to….’

Just as he was about to fall into thought, Seol Jihu felt someone tapping his shoulder from the back.





Side Story 20. Stories of the Future Wives


Seol Jihu looked back, startled. He turned so suddenly that even Seo Yuhui was alarmed.

“Ah…. Yuhui.”

“...Honey? What’s wrong? You’re acting a little strange…. It doesn’t look like you have a fever….”

Seo Yuhui put a hand on Seol Jihu’s forehead before abruptly glaring at him.

“Tell me the truth. Did you get another woman?”

“No! Of course not!”

Seol Jihu jumped and waved his hands in denial. Seo Yuhui giggled.

“You really are acting weird today. You even told the kids their naengmyeons were good.”

“Ah, that’s….”

Seol Jihu shut his mouth. He didn’t know what to say.

To be completely honest, both dishes were fine, but he did see some parts that could be improved upon. But when he thought about how his children cooked for him, he couldn’t help but give them extra points.

“I understand that you did it because Jihui has been picking on Sohu more and more recently, but don’t worry too much. You know that Sohu is genuine when it comes to noodles.”

So the name of that polite boy is Sohu. Seol Sohu.

Seol Jihu inwardly cursed the person who named his kids with such obvious names.

“Anyway, didn’t you say you had to go somewhere today?”

“Hmm? I did?”

“You said there was a meeting in that place.”

“That place?”

“You know, that place. Didn’t you guys decide to meet at your restaurant?”

It was only then that Seol Jihu realized she was talking about Paradise.

“Ah, aaaah. You’re right. When was it again?”

“Hold on. It’s a little past nine right now, so in that world’s time…. You should be able to make it. There’s still some time left, but it’s a little tight. Shouldn’t you get going?”

“Right, I should. I almost forgot.”

It was better to avoid doing anything suspicious. Seol Jihu followed his instincts and rummaged through his pocket. However, he couldn’t find the paper slip.

Seo Yuhui stared fixedly at the flustering Seol Jihu. After observing him closely, she chuckled and left quietly. Then, she brought the paper slip that connected him to Paradise.

“Here.”

“...Thanks.”

“You always leave it inside the safe. Did you forget?”

Seo Yuhui said with a smile. She seemed to be teasing him.

Seol Jihu laughed.

“See you later.”

“Come home as soon as you’re done, okay? Seol-Ah, Miss Yun Seora, Miss Agnes, Miss Cinzia, Miss Flone, and others…. Don’t go with the women, either familiar or unfamiliar, okay?”

Seo Yuhui said this very fast, her words clearly full of hidden meaning.

Seol Jihu hurriedly ripped the paper slip while watching Seo Yuhui waving her hand with a smile. He felt like he needed to.

After returning to Paradise, Seol Jihu first left the temple. Though it was morning on Earth, the sun was setting in Paradise.

‘I can tell this is Eva….’

It wasn’t too hard to recognize the place with traces of the past scenery still in place, but the city had naturally changed with the passage of time. Of course, in a better, more flourishing way.

Seol Jihu was worried that ‘Seol Jihu Ramen?’ would have changed too to the point he would not recognize it. Thankfully, the restaurant was still in the same spot, looking the same as always, not having undergone any expansion or renovation work.

The inside was the same. Seol Jihu breathed a sigh of relief after seeing that nothing had changed. He was relieved now that he was in a more familiar environment.

“You’re here.”

A familiar voice entered his ears. Seol Jihu, who was looking around the restaurant, widened his eyes.

Unless he was seeing things, the person standing in the kitchen in a chef’s uniform was none other than Charlotte Aria.

“Charlotte Aria-nim?”

“Hmm? Nim? Why are you calling me that all of a sudden? Aha, is it because you are late?”

Charlotte Aria smiled bashfully. Seol Jihu was about to ask, Why are you here, Your Majesty?, but changed his mind at the last second.

“Ah, um, by the way, how has Eva been recently?”

“Hm? Why do you ask…? You resurrected my family members, and everything has been peaceful since Father has reclaimed the throne.”

Charlotte Aria blushed as she murmured.

“It’s all thanks to you that I can be here like this. As I said many times before, I’m fine. I am happier being by your side and receiving your love than being a queen.”

Seol Jihu closed his eyes. By the looks of it, he seemed to have laid his hands on Charlotte Aria too.

“I did everything I could. You should be able to start cooking right away.”

Charlotte Aria’s eyes lit up as if asking for praise. Seol Jihu looked around the kitchen without much expectation and could not help being shocked.

‘It’s perfect.’

Just like Charlotte Aria said, everything was ready. Pots, cookware, and the ingredients were placed perfectly with the movement of the chef in mind. An arrangement of this level would surely have taken years of study and experience.

“Amazing. Everything is laid out perfectly.”

Seol Jihu gave an honest evaluation.

“Hehe, it’s nothing much.”

Charlotte Aria smiled joyfully before jumping into Seol Jihu’s embrace. She rubbed her cheek on his chest and laughed cheerfully.

Seol Jihu patted her head. At exactly the same moment, the restaurant door opened suddenly.

An old man whose face was full of wrinkles came in with a warm smile. Despite his old age, he was lively and energetic.

“My, did we come too early?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes slowly widened.

“...Master Jang?”

“Oh, don’t mind us. You can keep going. Pretend we’re not here!”

Ian also popped in. His hair and beard were as shaggy as ever, and so was his playful look and genial smile.

“N-No! I…!”

Charlotte Aria went red and hid behind Seol Jihu. The two old men guffawed loudly.

Soon, more and more people began to arrive. Seol Jihu had been wondering what this meeting was about, but it was looking like a gathering of friends.

“This place never changes, huh. It’s been a while since I’ve seen the two of you.”

Philip Muller came in.

“That’s the charm of this restaurant. It really makes you feel nostalgic!”

“Yo! It’s been a while!”

Dylan and Hugo also came.

“Hello. I’m here, Hyung.”

And so did Yi Sungjin, who had turned into a handsome man.

“Yo.”

Vlad Halep also came, looking just as menacing and stoic as ever.

The quiet restaurant quickly grew rowdy as more and more people gathered. A strange emotion enveloped Seol Jihu as he cooked ramen for everyone.

‘I see…. Mister Kazuki married Miss Oh Rahee….’

Seeing Kazuki and Oh Rahee sitting at the same table, he couldn’t help but smile. They both had cold, expressionless faces, but the way they shared their ramen seemed very affectionate.

‘Looks like Mister Marcel Ghionea is doing well too….’

Marcel Ghionea was busy tending to a child who was eating ramen busily. He would wipe his mouth and hands when the child spilled the ramen soup. Marika Larisa sat next to them, watching the two with a smile.

Seol Jihu had heard that the two of them had gotten married. It seemed they had a kid now and were living happily.

‘Anyway, who’s that…?’

There was one person he was unfamiliar with. She had neatly trimmed bobbed hair, and she carried herself with dignity and elegance.

‘Wait, a kimono?’

Now that he took a closer look, he had seen her before.

The moment Seol Jihu recognized her was the moment when the modestly sitting woman gulped down the drink in her hand and abruptly shot up.

After taking off her kimono out of nowhere….

“Tiriri~ Tiririra~ Tirirarira~!”

She started to dance.

‘Looks like Miss Hoshino Urara is the same as ever….’

Seol Jihu found himself smiling.

“Kuhahaha! It’s been a while since I’ve seen that dance!”

“You’re not gonna show us the Free Bird dance?”

“No, that’s a bit…. Anyway, it looks like our restaurant owner’s very quiet today.”

“Right! Why aren’t you talking? Isn’t it about time you come out and say, No nudity in the restaurant!?”

Hugo shouted and then looked around the kitchen.

“Hm~ I caught him staring fixedly at Kazuki and Marcel Ghionea just now….”

He grinned, looking at the dazedly standing Seol Jihu.

“I get it. He’s got the seven-year itch. Right, Seol?”

“?”

“Don’t pretend like you don’t understand! I told you, having many isn’t necessarily a good thing.”

“It’s not his fault. Fate works in cruel ways sometimes. It’s not like Seol Jihu didn’t try.”

Philip Muller spoke calmly while pouring wine into his glass.

“Oh, I know that. To be honest, I was laughing my ass off back then. He was doing everything he could to avoid meeting them, but he somehow always did and even finished the deed! How funny is that?”

Hugo shot up from his seat and raised his wine glass high. Next, he began to sing.

“Oh~! The great legend of Paradise, Seol Jihu! Although he exterminated the Parasite Queen and saved Paradise, he could not change his own fate!”

Huge laughter broke out. Satisfied at his joke, Hugo also guffawed.

The important thing was that the corners of his eyes were turning red at the same time. For the record, Hugo was still single.

“No~ No~! My husband hasn’t done anything wrong! Don’t make fun of him~!”

Charlotte Aria ran around the restaurant, flailing her arms around left and right.

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly in the meanwhile.

*

The gathering continued for a long time. As the group had not met like this for quite some time, it wasn’t until night time that people began to leave one by one.

Although Seol Jihu ended up spending a lot of his time here, he wasn’t too worried because Gula had given him six hours, and the ratio of the flow of time between Paradise and Earth was three to one.

Of course, that didn’t mean he could be lax.

‘What do I do now?’

No, he shouldn’t be trying to do anything. Black Seol Jihu had told him to see and experience the future and use what he felt as a guidepost for his next actions.

‘Was there anything useful?’

Seol Jihu organized the information he collected during the gathering.

This included the birth of a new Chief Deity in Paradise and the revival of the Seven Virtues, which enabled the creation of a new class system.

But this information wasn’t relevant to the situation as he neither had the need nor necessity to change it.

In any case, it was true that going back like this felt unfruitful.

‘...I guess I should give it a try.’

After pondering for some time, Seol Jihu decided to be a little bold. That was to reveal his situation to someone he could trust and seek advice.

And so, Seol Jihu went to Valhalla’s building. The building now looked like some sort of a palace but wasn’t difficult to find as it was still in the same spot.

“Huh?”

Kim Hannah, who was sitting at the office desk, stared at Seol Jihu blankly.

Seol Jihu was also surprised. Now, it looked like he was looking at a nine-tailed fox, not just a regular fox.

“What’s up? I thought you’d come in the morning. You’re earlier than I thought.”

She thought I’d come? Seol Jihu tilted his head and spoke.

“Ei, just between us, I came earlier because I wanted to see you.”

He thought he responded well.

“...Who are you? Seol Jihu’s doppelganger?”

However, to his surprise, Kim Hannah immediately gave him a suspicious glare.

‘Just what kind of a person am I in this time period?’

Since he was here to come clean anyway, Seol Jihu raised the white flag and started speaking. Starting from revealing his identity, he explained the reason he came to the future.

“...So.”

Kim Hannah looked half convinced but also half in doubt.

“You’re Seol Jihu from the past?”

This sounded like another one of Seol Jihu’s pranks, but his face and voice were telling her that it was real.

“What nonsense are you…. No, you can’t be this good at acting. Then what point in time did you come from?”

“Uh….”

“Just tell me. We have talked about it among ourselves without you knowing anyway.”

“Right after I did it with Miss Phi Sora….”

“Oh, then it’s a long, long time ago. Well over ten years, in fact. It was even before we did it for the first time in this office.”

“You and I did… it? In here?”

“Yep. You were acting too cocky. Well, I admit that I kind of led you on, though.”

Kim Hannah murmured while carefully observing Seol Jihu.

“Talk about a lightning bolt from a clear sky….”

She looked like she still couldn’t fully believe him, but her ability told her that Seol Jihu was being truthful. In the end, she had no choice but to admit it.

“Haa…. You bastard…. I worked so hard to lay this smokescreen, going so far as to say I can’t come home tonight, and you avoid it like this…?”

Kim Hannah murmured while gritting her teeth.

Seol Jihu tilted his head. Who avoided what?

“Since it’s turned to this, why don’t I just do it with this guy? He’s Seol Jihu too, isn’t he? It’s not like I would be cheating.”

Seol Jihu was a little taken aback. He felt like he heard something dangerous just now.

“I can’t believe it. I reduce your work time from 24 days a month to 8 days a month, so you don’t get tired, and this is what you do? ...No, I shouldn’t.”

After murmuring a bunch of things he couldn’t understand, Kim Hannah shook her head. Then, she glared at Seol Jihu.

“So, what do you want me to do?”

“....”

“Let’s say you’re not joking for once. Shouldn’t you go back to Earth quickly? It doesn’t sound like you have a lot of time left.”

“Yeah, but….”

“What are you hesitating for? You should have realized that nothing’s wrong with the future by now.”

“Yeah.”

“Then go back home and try to bring it up. If I were to guess though, Miss Seo Yuhui and Miss Phi Sora probably noticed already.”

“What about you? Do you—”

“I don’t have anything to say. Wouldn’t it be better to talk to Miss Seo Yuhui and Miss Phi Sora? If that’s the time period you came from, you should be talking to those two.”

Kim Hannah said firmly.

“Take care of your business quietly and then go back. Don’t do anything weird and get kicked out.”

Kim Hannah shooed him away as if swatting away a fly.

“Aigoo~ I’ve seen you go back to the past, but going to the future? That’s a first. The past you and the future you sure are something.”

Seol Jihu turned around, leaving Kim Hannah’s grumbling behind.

“Ah! Wait!”

Kim Hannah stopped Seol Jihu before he walked out.

“Just so you know, I don’t have a pantyhose fetish. I only did it because you were into it.”

“?”

“Just remember that.”

Kim Hannah looked away and shooed him again.

Unless he was mistaken, Kim Hannah’s neck was flushed red.

*

After going through the portal…

“Ah.”

He met Seo Yuhui right away. It was almost as if she knew he would come back around this time.

“Welcome back.”

Seol Jihu flinched just as he was about to say something. Seo Yuhui had talked to him politely, almost like she was talking to a stranger.

“Have you eaten?”

“Oh, I’m fine.”

Seol Jihu unwittingly talked in polite speech as well.

“Then why don’t we have some tea?”

Seol Jihu sat down at the veranda and drank the tea Seo Yuhui brewed. Kim Hannah’s words that Seo Yuhui must have noticed his secret weighed on his mind.

“Being here like this really reminds me of the past.”

Seo Yuhui sat on a chair a small distance away and looked up at the sun hanging in the middle of the sky.

“By past, you mean….”

Seol Jihu trailed off cautiously.

Seo Yuhui smiled faintly.

“When the past you, the person who is in front of me right now, said we should break up.”

Pft. Seol Jihu spat out the tea.

“Is that why you came to the future?”

Seol Jihu blanked out. He looked like he had seen a ghost.

“How….”

“It was easy. How long do you think we’ve been living together?”

Seo Yuhui winked.

“Fufu. So what brings you to the future after one-sidedly breaking up with me?”

It sounded like she was teasing him, but Seol Jihu could not take it as a joke.

“No, I haven’t said anything about breaking up with you….”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes widened.

“Not yet, anyway….”

Seol Jihu scratched his head. Seo Yuhui nodded slowly.

After squeezing the teacup for a while, Seol Jihu clenched his teeth. Since Seo Yuhui found out, he decided to be straightforward.

“There is something I’d like to ask you.”

“Yes, go ahead.”

“When you found out that I slept with Miss Phi Sora… how did you feel?”

Seol Jihu’s face reddened. It was a stupid question, even in his head.

“Mm…. I was more shocked when you said we should break up.”

Seo Yuhui continued.

“Because I always knew that you would get together with other women. I had somewhat prepared my heart for that, but I never imagined you would break up with me…. I remember curling up into a ball and crying all night.”

Seol Jihu lowered his head even further.

“After I calmed down, all sorts of thoughts raced through my head. Should I break it off completely and find someone else? Should I pretend to forgive him, get back together, and then cheat as revenge?”

Seol Jihu flinched.

“I didn’t do anything in the end, though.”

Seo Yuhui smiled softly. Though it must not have been a good memory, perhaps because over ten years had gone by, she talked about it smoothly.

“Because I felt like doing so would be denying myself and my future. I guess it’s my fault though for not being able to leave and for falling in love.”

Seo Yuhui chuckled before looking back at Seol Jihu and resting her chin on the back of her hands.

“Anyway, you being here must mean that you met Blacky, or rather, Black Seol Jihu.”

“Yes.”

“Then you must have heard what happened afterward.”

“Kind of.”

“...To tell you the truth, I was the one who egged him on.”

Seo Yuhui smiled bitterly.

“I didn’t accept this fate from the start. Along with you, I tried everything I could to change the future….”

Seo Yuhui paused and heaved out a deep sigh.

“But, it turns out some things just weren’t meant to be.”

“....”

“Something that is bound to happen will happen, no matter what. Funny, isn’t it?”

Seo Yuhui’s voice sank a little.

“I don’t know who decided this so-called, predetermined fate, but….”

She tilted her head up and glared at the sky.

“After saying he would reject senseless harems no matter what, he pats himself on the back for halving the number from 16. Just how shameless can a person be?”

Somebody flinched.

“Who were you talking to just now…?”

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

Seo Yuhui waved her hand.

“Anyway, I eventually gave up and accepted this fate.”

Seo Yuhui shrugged.

“Obviously, I didn’t just sit back afterward. Changing the plan, I decided to talk with each woman you bring back.”

“Plan? Talk?”

“That’s….”

Seo Yuhui smiled faintly.

“A secret. A secret among just us women.”

Seol Jihu shut his mouth. Not only did he feel like a criminal, but he also didn’t have the courage to ask. He felt like he would only hurt himself with the knowledge.

“Ah, since you’re here, can I ask you for a favor?”

Seo Yuhui asked.

“Of course, anything is fine.”

“It’s nothing much. Just… don’t break up with me when you go back.”

Seol Jihu slowly lowered his hands that were covering his face. Seo Yuhui had a hard-to-read, expressionless face.

“Just tell me what happened exactly. Don’t assume things and jump to conclusions and leave the decision to the past me.”

“....”

“I don’t think this is too much to ask. What happened with Miss Phi Sora is one thing, but when you said you’d break up with me, I felt like my trust in you really shattered….”

It seemed like what happened back then remained a trauma even after all this time.

“Got that?”

“...I will bear it in mind.”

“You better!”

Seo Yuhui giggled.

“Otherwise, you will suffer ve~ry much in the future. You know what people say, a woman’s mood fluctuates more when she is pregnant due to hormonal changes.”

It sounded like Seo Yuhui just gave him a crucial hint.

“But, you don’t need to worry all that much.”

Seo Yuhui stretched.

“As long as you don’t forget what I just said, I at least won’t think about doing anything extreme.”

“Extreme? Don’t tell me!”

“No, it’s not that.”

Seo Yuhui glanced at Seol Jihu.

“Mmm….”

“Is that a secret too?”

“No, rather than a secret….”

Then, she spoke with a smile.

“I think it’s probably better that you hear the news from my past self.”

It was a warm, tender smile.





Side Story 21. Coming Back


After his talk with Seo Yuhui ended, Seol Jihu went out to catch Phi Sora on her way home. This, of course, wasn’t his idea, but Seo Yuhui’s.

—How much time do you have left? Why don’t you try talking to Miss Phi Sora before you leave?

—I already know more or less what happened that day. Miss Phi Sora talks about it every time she’s drunk.

—She won’t know you’re you. You should at least try.

Seol Jihu waited for Phi Sora in a park near the apartment complex. Some time went by, and just as he nervously raised his cell phone to check the time, he saw a familiar woman near the front gate at the foot of the hill. She was wearing a pair of high heels and a suit that he thought didn’t complement her.

“Sweetheart?”

Phi Sora, who quickly walked up the hill, seemed surprised to see Seol Jihu there.

“What a coincidence. Were you on your way somewhere?”

Seol Jihu shook his head.

“So then why are you out here? You couldn’t have been waiting for me…. Oh, I thought you had a meeting today?”

“Yes, I did. It went well, and now I’m back.”

“That’s great. But….”

Phi Sora scrutinized Seol Jihu before suddenly narrowing her eyes.

“Why do you look so nervous? Could it be… that you’re having an affair again?”

Seol Jihu’s shoulders slumped. He’d heard this accusation so many times that it didn’t even surprise him anymore.

“No. Um…. Look, can we talk?”

“Here?”

“Yes, here, and now.”

Phi Sora tilted her head. A look of suspicion crossed her face. Seol Jihu could tell that she was thinking, ‘What did he do this time?’ Followed by ‘Is it Yi Seol-Ah? No, wait, it has to be Miss Yun Seora. I’m sure of it.’

“This isn’t about women. I just want to talk to you.”

Seol Jihu assured her, and she finally answered him.

“…Okay. But we should sit somewhere first.”

The pair settled on a nearby bench.

“Today, Sohu made me naengmyeon.”

Seol Jihu followed Seo Yuhui’s advice and mentioned naengmyeon.

“It wasn’t perfect, of course… but he improved a lot since the last time.”

Because Seo Yuhui asserted that as long as he tied everything to naengmyeon, Phi Sora wouldn’t be suspicious.

“Wow, really?”

Phi Sora’s eyes widened.

“Yes, it was fascinating. The moment I tasted the soup, an old memory came rushing back to me out of the blue….”

“What kind of memory?”

“The memory of… the first time we slept together.”

Seol Jihu did as he was advised but doubted it would work. This was too random, even by his standards. He gulped nervously. And then, just as he finished counting till three in his head….

“Ha! Why did you suddenly think of that? You’re such a weirdo.”

It worked. Phi Sora snickered but didn’t seem to think what he said was absurd.

“Maybe it was because Sohu made it….”

Seol Jihu continued, studying Phi Sora’s face.

“Then, I remembered all the things I did wrong by you….”

“Kik. Sohu really must have improved a lot for you to be saying stuff like this.”

Phi Sora smirked.

“You’re right. You did hurt me back then. Just thinking about it now makes me….”

She sighed and leered at Seol Jihu.

“What were you most hurt about?”

He asked carefully.

“Do you really have to ask?”

A sharp reply came back at him.

“I mean, how could you be so cold? You just walked away.”

“But you asked me to leave.”

“You could’ve looked back at least once! And you pretended to be asleep while I was dealing with that crazy neighbor. Then you saw me getting sick and didn’t even ask if I was okay! I even made breakfast for you that day!”

Phi Sora said all this very quickly, like a machine gun firing.

“There’s more. I was lying in bed, sick, the neighbor kept bothering me constantly, and even after having the morning-after pill, the test still came back positive. And when I tried to talk to you about it, you were too busy looking for Miss Seo Yuhui! Then you suddenly go and have a mental breakdown and break up with her.”

“So that’s what happened…. Wait. What?”

“Why did you think I went over to your place every day? I was trying to talk to you about the test, but you didn’t even look at me.”

Phi Sora snapped, her face full of emotions she had been holding in for a long time.

“Seriously, if it weren’t for Sohu….”

It was then that shock swept through Seol Jihu. He struggled to keep his jaw from dropping. He felt as if he had been hit on the back of his head with a hammer.

‘Wait a minute, so this means…!’

Suddenly, he remembered what Black Seol Jihu had said.

—You get drunk and make a mistake, you get swept away by the mood, and that leads to another…

So Black Seol Jihu knew everything.

‘Oh my god…!’

Seol Jihu covered his face with both hands. A myriad of emotions overwhelmed him, but mainly he felt terrified of the inevitability of fate.

The truth was that Seol Jihu wasn’t serious about going back in time. He was afraid there could be repercussions, and also Black Seol Jihu was against it. But after hearing what he’d just heard, his thoughts completely changed. Now he wanted to change the past no matter what, despite knowing it was impossible.

“…Miss Phi Sora.”

Seol Jihu began in a dejected voice.

“If that incident never happened….”

“…Happened?”

“You’d be so much… happier now….”

“Why are you calling me that again? …Wait.”

When Phi Sora saw Seol Jihu with his head down, she began to blink rapidly.

“H-Hold on!”

She quickly turned to him.

“I’m not saying it’s all your fault. Frankly, I made a lot of mistakes, too. It’s just that I didn’t feel like I was your top priority, and that hurt a lot.”

“…”

“…Oh, come on!”

Phi Sora’s voice shot up a notch.

“You have a brain, so use it! You’re always so dense.”

Seol Jihu raised his head slightly.

“I have standards, too. You know what I’m like. If I weren’t interested in you, I would have just gone my separate way. I said this already, but why do you think I went over to your place every day?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

“It’s just… I don’t think even I understood my feelings back then…. But I kept finding myself looking at you, wishing you’d look back at me…. Damn it. Are you really gonna make me say this?”

Phi Sora snapped at him.

“Anyway, you’ve changed a lot since then… you put up with my constant nagging, and I know you tried hard….”

She glanced at Seol Jihu.

“And….”

She looked down at the bench they were sitting on.

“After we had our second child together, you told me right here, on this very bench….”

“?”

“Let’s live together like this forever, Sora….”

Phi Sora’s lips curled into a soft smile.

“Jeez, you’re making me say all sorts of things today.”

She closed her eyes as if to recall the moment and rested her head on Seol Jihu’s chest as she did that day.

It was then. Looking at Phi Sora with a dazed look on his face, Seol Jihu suddenly felt his eyes tighten. A white light stealthily began to block his view. Phi Sora didn’t seem to suspect anything was wrong, and this phenomenon seemed to be affecting only Seol Jihu.

‘Ah.’

He realized that his time was almost up.

“Um!”

Seol Jihu asked urgently before his vision turned completely white.

“Tell me just one more thing. Are you happy right now, Miss Phi Sora?”

Phi Sora’s eyes widened slightly. Her eyebrows lifted as she looked up at Seol Jihu.

“…What kind of question is that?”

Phi Sora gave him a sidelong glance. And then….

“Look at me.”

She smiled the most beautiful smile he had ever seen.

“How do I look?”

When the light faded, Seol Jihu was sitting in front of Gula’s statue.

—Welcome back.

Gula’s voice echoed in his head. Seol Jihu turned his gaze to his hand. He felt as if he had just awoken from a vivid dream.

‘…This isn’t the time to be resting.’

Seol Jihu got to his feet.

Black Seol Jihu was right. Nothing dramatic happened in the future. The trip didn’t offer him a magical solution. But he did gain something from the experience. He knew what he had to do right now and how to do it.

Seol Jihu dashed across the temple, toward the warp gate portal.

“What a bitch!”

KWANG! Phi Sora slammed the door behind her. She threw the plastic bag on the floor and crawled into the bed.

She’d had a horrible morning. Not long after Seol Jihu left, the doorbell rang again. She thought Seol Jihu might have returned and happily went to open the door, but it turned out to be her angry neighbor standing on the other side of the door. Infuriated that Phi Sora forced her out, she had brought in a police officer. After dealing with them, Phi Sora fell asleep, unable to overcome her fatigue.

She hardly felt refreshed after waking up. Still, she dragged her aching body out and went to the pharmacy. But while waiting for the elevator, she ran into her neighbor again. Phi Sora tried to ignore her, but her neighbor began provoking her about her attitude earlier that morning. In the end, they got into a heated argument once more.

Later that day, Phi Sora received a call from her landlord. He explained that her crazy neighbor has had problems with other residents, too, and that she was a known troublemaker. She just hadn’t had a chance to pick a fight with Phi Sora so far because until now, Phi Sora hadn’t been home very often.

“Seriously, I’d move just to get her off my back….”

Phi Sora sighed, pitying herself for having to put up with useless nonsense.

Then she saw that her dining table was still a mess from this morning.

“…”

She glared angrily at the empty bowl.

“…Asshole.”

Hmph. She snorted.

“Wait a minute. Why am I feeling sorry for myself? I’m the one who asked him to leave.”

She shoved the thought aside and was about to close her eyes, when suddenly….

Ding-dong.

The doorbell rang again.

Ding-dong. Ding-dong!

Phi Sora’s face distorted with rage.

“…Fucking bitch!”

She crossed the line. This time I’ll end her for good! Phi Sora pledged to herself and jumped to her feet.

She swung open the door with the mindset of a warrior who was about to begin the most important battle of her life.

Then, she flinched. Because the person standing in front of her was not the one she expected—it was Seol Jihu, with shopping bags in both hands.

“…Wha-what are you doing here?”

Seol Jihu stared at Phi Sora for a moment before turning his gaze to the living room. He clicked his tongue when he saw that the table was in the same condition as when he left.

“You still haven’t cleaned that up? You said you would.”

He stepped inside.

“Hey, hold on!”

“Hurry up and close the door. The cold air’s getting in.”

As she closed the door, he grabbed Phi Sora’s hand and pulled her toward him.

Seol Jihu moved in silence. He put his bags down in the corner of the room, cleared the table, and started washing the dishes. Phi Sora stared at him dazedly. Then suddenly, she frowned.

“I said, what are you doing here?”

“I came back because I was worried about you.”

“Worried? Why are you worried about me?”

Phi Sora’s voice shot up an octave. She immediately flinched, recalling a moment too late that her neighbor was on the lookout for her.

Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong!

And the doorbell rang almost immediately as expected. This time it was her neighbor who was standing on the other side of the door.

“Fuck, I’m so stressed….”

“I’ll deal with her.”

Seeing how stressed Phi Sora was, Seol Jihu hurried to the door.

“Oh, so now she’s sending out a man?”

As soon as he opened the door, a voice full of malice echoed out in the hall.

“I’m sorry if we were too loud.”

Seol Jihu bowed his head and apologized.

“Don’t you think you're apologizing too late?”

“We’re truly sorry. It won’t happen again.”

“Whatever. Let me talk to her. She’s the one I want to get an apology from.”

“That’s…. Could you please let it slide this one time? I’ll compensate you for the discomfort we’ve caused.”

“Do you think I care about money?”

“It’s just that she’s sick and not in the best mood right now. We’ll be careful from now on, so please forgive us.”

“Don’t make me say it again. Of course, you’ll be careful, that’s a given, but I also want her to look me in the eye and apologize.”

Seol Jihu lowered his head and exhaled.

“Did you sigh just now?”

Seol Jihu didn’t answer. He only took out the cell phone from his pocket.

“Yes, it’s me, Miss Goh Yeonju. I know it’s sudden, but I have a favor to ask….”

“Oh, so now you’re calling your friend here? Okay, fine! Call her. I’ll have to call the police, then. Let’s do this. Let’s see who wins.”

With a condescending sneer, the neighbor also raised her phone.

Suddenly, everything became quiet.

Phi Sora, who had lost all hope for a peaceful resolution by then, couldn’t help but doubt her eyes. Because all of a sudden, her neighbor left without a fuss, and Seol Jihu turned around, closing the door behind him.

“…What did you do?”

“Nothing. The truth is, I didn’t want to go this far…. But at least she’ll be quiet for a while.”

Seol Jihu finished the dishes and started cleaning the house. Phi Sora shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts.

“Anyway, what’s with all these bags? …Hmm?”

Peeking inside the shopping bags that Seol Jihu had brought, she frowned.

“How to Become Great Parents…?”

‘Ha!’ Phi Sora let out a laugh. She finally understood why Seol Jihu came back.

“Are you kidding me? Don’t you think you’re thinking too far ahead?”

Seol Jihu smacked his lips. That, indeed, was a normal reaction.

“You never know what’s going to happen in the future.”

“Look, I’m not an idiot. I bought a pregnancy test, and also the pills—”

“Pregnancy tests don’t work right away. You have to wait at least two weeks after you had sex.”

Seol Jihu said simply.

“Same with the morning-after pills. They’re not perfect. 95% accuracy means there’s still a 5% chance that you do end up pregnant.”

His logical arguments left Phi Sora speechless.

“…So, what are you saying?”

“We have a ton of stuff to deal with, but….”

Seol Jihu looked around the room.

“First, let’s get you out of here.”

“What?”

“Why are you living here? It’s not like you don’t have the money.”

Seol Jihu continued.

“And your neighbor is a wacko. Miss Goh Yeonju hypnotized her but said it wouldn’t last long. She’ll be back to her usual self in a few days.”

“Well, I am starting to think that I can’t live like this…. Wait a minute, hypnotized?”

“Yeah. Look, I know you’re being careful about the penalties, but there’s no way you’ll die there now.”

“Well, yes… but this is too sudden. I mean, where would I even go?”

“You don’t have to worry about that. You’ve heard of the SY Apartments, right? I live there.”

“You do? How?”

“I guess I just got lucky. It’s not too far from here and it’s very nice. I have a lot of extra rooms, too.”

“Wait. Wait. Hold on!”

Phi Sora raised both hands in front of her.

“What’s with the hurry? You’re basically proposing that we live together?”

“Yes, technically.”

“Are you out of your mind? It was just sex! Just once.”

Phi Sora looked dumbfounded.

“Are you from the Joseon Era or something?”

“That’s not it.”

“This is what young people nowadays do. We had some fun, so what? Ever heard of a one-night stand?”

“Miss Phi Sora.”

“And what about Miss Yuhui?”

Seol Jihu flinched.

“Yuhui… I’ll talk to her.”

“What are you gonna say to her?”

“…You don’t have to worry about that. That’s between Yuhui and me, and I’ll make sure you don’t get hurt in the process.”

“So, you’re dead set on taking me with you.”

“I won’t be able to rest unless I do. Please just do as I say for the next two weeks at least.”

Phi Sora looked confused. She couldn’t believe that the man in front of her was the Seol Jihu she knew.

“Anyway, it looks like we have to start packing….”

Seol Jihu rubbed his hands together. He seemed ready to begin at any moment.

“Hold on. My stomach’s upset, and I feel awful. I’m not in a condition to pack anything….”

Seol Jihu thereupon brought in a bowl of special ramen made from ingredients great for pregnant women.

“I’ll do the packing. You should rest, Miss Phi Sora. Don’t worry about anything, and call me if you need anything. Okay?”

Then he left to buy items needed for packing.

A dumbfounded look crossed Phi Sora’s face. She felt as if a storm had passed. It was strange that Seol Jihu was acting like he already knew she was pregnant.

However….

“Jeez….”

It didn’t feel too bad.

“What’s he thinking…?”

The annoying neighbor was gone, and her house was clean. She found a new home, and now she even had a bowl of delicious ramen in front of her. Phi Sora sat on the floor and grabbed a pair of chopsticks.

Slurp.

“Mm….”

She could feel the steamy soup running down her throat, warming her body. The ramen tasted even better than before. She figured that Seol Jihu must have put extra effort into it.

‘If I can have this ramen everyday… living together might not be so bad….’

It was so delicious that an optimistic thought crossed her mind.

A soft smile spread across Phi Sora’s lips.

She felt better now.





Side Story 22. If You’re Going to Get a Beating, It’s Best to Get It Over With


Phi Sora packed her bags the same day and moved to SY Apartments.

“Uwoah~!”

She couldn’t hide her shock upon seeing Seol Jihu’s apartment. Not only did its simple, modern interior decor remind her of the North European style, but it also boasted a jaw-droppingly large space.

The view was also phenomenal. When she stood in front of the large window and looked down, the cars on the streets below looked like tiny ants. Standing there and looking at the city’s colorful nightscape, she felt like she had become someone special.

Phi Sora had heard about the famous SY apartment complex. The number of floors increased drastically from Building 104 to Building 101, and not just anyone could find a place only by having money. They also needed to go through a strict screening process.

Though it was said jokingly, Koreans called the complex an extraterritorial zone akin to the Olympus temple.

Phi Sora never imagined Seol Jihu would be living in Building 101, and in the penthouse at that.

“I can really live here?”

Phi Sora was grumbling when she was half-forced by Seol Jihu to leave her apartment, but now she was looking around Seol Jihu’s apartment with a huge smile.

Seol Jihu felt relieved after watching the happy Phi Sora.

Tringgg!

The doorbell suddenly rang. Phi Sora, who was looking around excitedly, froze in an instant. She thought it might be Seo Yuhui.

Thankfully, it wasn’t.

“Who’s…. Huh?”

“Hello.”

A woman, whose silver hair resembled a sparkling galaxy, bowed toward Seol Jihu respectfully. She was being ceremonious as if to treat someone who had done her a great favor.

“What brings you here, Seraph-nim…?”

“Suna-nim wanted you to have this.”

Seraph handed him a shopping bag. Seol Jihu took it in the heat of the moment, and then his jaw dropped instantly.

“Something so precious….”

“Suna-nim wanted me to pass on a message as well. Eat a lot and give birth to many children.”

Seol Jihu scratched his head.

“It’s hard for me to refuse if that’s the reason. I still feel a little uncomfortable, though.”

“Please, don’t say no. I’m sure Suna-nim is hoping that Seol Jihu-nim and that Miss’ child grows up healthy and…. Kuhum. Just think of it as an investment for the future.”

“As I thought, it’s not Jihui, but Sohu….”

“Oh, and there’s one more message.”

Seraph cleared her throat.

“I’m sure you’re still hesitating, but give it up. Don’t waste your contribution points on something completely futile… is what she said.”

Seol Jihu smiled bitterly.

“Yes, I understand.”

“Then, farewell.”

Seraph bowed again and headed back.

Once Seol Jihu shut the front door, Phi Sora ran up and chattered.

“Who was that just now? She was sooooo pretty!”

“She’s my neighbor.”

“Iya~ So that’s the kind of people who live here. Wait, is she even human?”

“...She might not be.”

“Huh?”

“Anyway, have you picked your room?”

Seol Jihu changed the subject. Phi Sora looked around the place a while longer before deciding on a room.

“I’ll go with this one!”

There was no particular reason other than the fact that she felt a warm atmosphere in this room, unlike the others. She felt like somebody actually lived here.

“Oh, that room’s no good….”

However, Seol Jihu rejected it right away.

“Yuhui uses that room.”

“Huh? Miss Seo Yuhui?”

Phi Sora’s eyes widened.

“You two were already living together?”

“Not exactly. How should I say this….”

Seol Jihu continued.

“I don’t remember when it started, but she started bringing her stuff over one by one every time she came to visit, saying that she liked the bathroom here better or that it was easier to sleep here….”

Seol Jihu tilted his head, but Phi Sora narrowed her eyes. Unlike Seol Jihu, she had picked up on the hints thrown by Seo Yuhui.

“You haven’t asked her to move in with you yet?”

“Hmm? Why would I?”

“Why would you!? She’s obviously hinting that she wants to!”

“Eh? No, I think you’re mistaken, Miss Phi Sora. There’s no need. Yuhui’s place is close by. She lives in Building 102, actually. It’s less than a 5-minute walk.”

“Hah—! I’ve never seen such a…!”

Phi Sora was about to yell something when she clutched her head and slumped down. It was because she realized that she was screwed. As if it wasn’t enough that she slept with Seol Jihu, if Seo Yuhui found out that he asked her to move in first….

Just thinking about it gave her the chills.

“I can’t do this. I better go back.”

“Eii, it’s fine.”

“What do you mean, it’s fine!?”

“I’ll talk with Yuhui. I’m going to meet up with her soon anyway.”

Only after Seol Jihu comforted her for a long time did Phi Sora finally calm down. In the end, she picked out a room, settling with a story that there was a problem in her apartment and that she needed somewhere to stay for a few days.

This day marked the start of their cohabitation.

Phi Sora was still worried in some ways, but she couldn’t help but admit that this was a much better place to live than her previous apartment.

She especially liked the fact that there was no crazy neighbor to deal with. Because the walls were perfectly soundproof, there was no problem even if she screamed or skidded around the living room using socks.

And unless she was mistaken, the neighbors living next door seemed to see Seol Jihu in a favorable light. As they smiled whenever they ran into each other and sparked up conversations, she naturally began to see them in a good light as well.

All in all, she felt like she had become the wife of a successful tycoon.

There was no need even to mention the amenities available inside the complex. Without even the slightest exaggeration, she really felt like she could take care of most businesses within the complex.

That wasn’t all.

Seol Jihu had changed to the point she wondered if he was the same manchild she knew. He cooked for her whenever she got hungry and even bought daily necessities without her mentioning them.

He installed air purifiers and even picked up and drove her to places. She could tell that he was paying a great deal of attention to her satisfaction.

In addition, Phi Sora also caught him reading about pregnancy and child-rearing at times. Of course, the best part was that she could eat his ramen whenever she wanted.

Anyway, with everything being perfect, Phi Sora slowly began to change her mind.

‘Hm…. He hasn’t done anything to me after that…. Maybe living here isn’t such a bad idea….’

She no longer held the suspicion that Seol Jihu saw her as a friend with benefits. But one day, shocking news arrived.

After the two promised weeks went by, Phi Sora took out the pregnancy test she bought previously. She checked first thing in the morning and saw an unbelievable result.

“No way….”

Her fingers holding onto the test trembled. Her arms went limp as she sat on the edge of her bed. She tilted her head up and stared at the ceiling blankly.

She didn’t think it was possible. Becoming a mom when she wasn’t even 30 yet?

“I… what do I….”

Phi Sora looked around instinctively. She had fallen into a panic from the great unexpected shock.

Next to Phi Sora at that moment…

“It’s fine.”

...was Seol jihu.

His complexion wasn’t all that bright either. He looked like he had mixed feelings. Still, he pretended that everything was alright and embraced Phi Sora.

“Miss Phi Sora, if you’re thinking about an abortion….”

“Are you mad!?”

Phi Sora raised her voice.

“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m going to raise this child even if I have to do it alone.”

Phi Sora growled while wrapping her arms around her stomach.

“Okay. I’m glad.”

Seol Jihu nodded with a relieved look.

“Don’t worry about anything and just rest. Actually, let’s go to the hospital first.”

Phi Sora, who was biting on her lower lip, breathed out. After nodding with great difficulty, she got up slowly, guided by Seol Jihu’s hand.

“Take it slow. One step at a time. We don’t want a miscarriage.”

Phi Sora snorted. She couldn’t hold back her laughter, seeing Seol Jihu making such a big deal out of everything.

“Don’t be ridiculous. Women are tough.”

She had to admit, though, that having Seol Jihu around was a relief.

*

Recently, Seo Yuhui had been putting in tremendous effort in working out. It was because she shocked even herself when she measured her weight not long ago.

Thinking about it now, gaining weight only made sense with how often she was eating Seol Jihu’s ramen.

Seo Yuhui had also worked out today when she was surprised to see Seol Jihu waiting outside the gym.

Seo Yuhui got inside Seol Jihu’s car, happily asking him what was up.

“I think I got a little fatter.”

Looking at the passenger seat’s mirror, she talked about her daily life as usual.

“I’m working out every day but not losing weight. You think I look fatter too, right?”

“Yeah….”

“What?”

Seo Yuhui glared.

Seol Jihu did a double-take, having replied absentmindedly.

“No, I mean….”

“Hnng, I see.”

Seo Yuhui hmphed and turned away.

“So I did get fatter. That’s why you haven’t loved me as much recently.”

Seo Yuhui giggled before blinking in surprise. Seol Jihu was incredibly tense. His reaction was a little too much for what was an obvious joke.

“What’s wrong?”

Noticing that something was up, Seo Yuhui asked worriedly.

“Did something happen?”

“...There’s something I need to tell you.”

“What is it?”

“This isn’t the best place…. I’ll tell you when we get home.”

Seol Jihu turned the handle and clenched his teeth.

“...Okay.”

Seo Yuhui’s expression sank as well. She realized what she had been worried about had finally come.

After that, an awkward silence filled the car. Neither of them said a word until they arrived at the apartment and even entered the elevator.

When Seol Jihu opened the front door, Seo Yuhui became lost for words. It was because an unfamiliar pair of shoes was at the entrance.

Then, seeing Phi Sora, who was lounging around on her phone in the distance, Seo Yuhui closed her eyes.

“You.”

Seo Yuhui turned toward Seol Jihu, her pupils shaking in betrayal.

“What happened?”

“Can you… hear me out…?”

Seol Jihu lowered his head.

Seo Yuhui gritted her teeth.

“...Tell me what happened. From the beginning to the end. Without leaving out a single thing.”

Soon, a strange scene played out.

Seo Yuhui sat on a chair with her legs crossed and arms folded tightly. Seol Jihu knelt in front of her while Phi Sora was off to the side, swallowing her saliva nervously.

Seol Jihu confessed to everything that happened—starting from how he got drunk and went to Phi Sora’s place to how he got her pregnant.

The explanation ended. Seo Yuhui did not say anything for a long time. She only glared at Seol Jihu while trembling faintly.

By the time the painful silence was reaching the peak…

“So, what now?”

Seo Yuhui broke the silence at last.

“You slept with Miss Phi Sora and got her pregnant, so you want me to treat her well?”

Seol Jihu raised his head.

“Funny. Ah, why don’t I do this then? The trainer at the gym kept staring at me today. Can I go out and drink with him?”

“....”

“If I go to his place afterward, have sex with him in drunkenness, and come back with a baby, will you say, Oh, okay, and forgive me?”

“....”

“Is that what I need to do to make you understand how I feel?”

Seol Jihu had nothing to say. Seo Yuhui spoke spitefully, but her words came out trembling. Her eyes were watery as if they would break out into tears at any moment, and her hands hidden underneath her arms were clenched hard.

“That’s not it…. I….”

“Then what!?”

Seo Yuhui raised her voice.

“You want me to leave this house quietly since things turned out this way? You want me to break up with you?”

“...I….”

Seol Jihu lowered his head. He wouldn’t say anything, no matter what Seo Yuhui decided to do. Breaking up with her seemed like a good thing to do. But Seol Jihu couldn’t do so because of what the future Seo Yuhui said to him.

And so, he said, stammering.

“I’ll follow your choice…. I know I’m not in any position to say anything….”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes flashed. She looked down at Seol Jihu for a long time before heaving out a heavy sigh.

“...Who told you to say that?”

“Hmm?”

“Was it Blacky? Or the future me?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes opened wide.

“Y-You knew?”

“No… I just expected as much. Because I heard.”

“You heard? When?”

“In the Path of the Soul after I saw Luxuria-nim at the festival.”

Seol Jihu’s jaw dropped. He had an idea of how Seo Yuhui must have made contact with her future self.

Like himself, Seo Yuhui had the ability ‘Future Vision’. With her contribution points, going to the future would have been impossible. So she must have made one of her future selves create a ‘Past Vision’ to be a helper in the Path of the Soul.

“I heard… so I knew this would happen… but I still believed you and I would be different….”

Seo Yuhui’s upper body slumped forward. Her face fell to her hands, hiding her behind her falling hair.

Hearing the silent whimpering, Seol Jihu closed his eyes. He suddenly remembered Black Seol Jihu’s words.

[Let me say this again. You’re one hell of a son of a bitch.]

[Regardless of the reason, all Seol Jihus, who touched a woman other than Yuhui, are a son of a bitch.]

At the time, he did not think much of it. It was only now that his words felt real.

How much time went by?

“...Tell me.”

Seo Yuhui raised her head after sobbing for a while. Looking at Seol Jihu, who was searching for a hole to crawl into, she said.

“Fine, let’s say this matter was a drunken mistake. If I asked you to go to the past and change the future, will you?”

“Of course.”

Seol Jihu replied without a moment of hesitation.

“Can you do anything for me?”

“Yes, anything.”

Seol Jihu nodded firmly.

Black Seol Jihu told him not to waste his contribution points and time, but Seol Jihu couldn’t help it. If this was his fate, he was ready to accept it.

“Have you heard what happened afterward?”

“Yes.”

“And you’re still willing?”

“I’ll give it a try. Even if it doesn’t work.”

Seo Yuhui let out an empty laugh. It sounded like she heard what happened from the future Seo Yuhui as well.

After a moment of silence….

“...Then fine.”

Seo Yuhui stopped crying, her eyes flashing fiercely.

“It sounds like Blacky hasn’t told you, but….”

Then, she spoke in a chilling tone.





Side Story 23. At Least It Changed a Little


“There is a way to change the future.”

Seol Jihu’s ears perked up.

Really? There was a way to change the future?

“It’s nothing difficult. You just have to set your mind on doing it.”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened. If there was such an easy method, why did Black Seol Jihu and Future Seo Yuhui not say anything about it? Because they didn’t know? Or was it on purpose?

Multiple questions arose in his mind, but Seol Jihu first asked.

“What is it? Tell me.”

“It’s to erase this fate.”

Seo Yuhui said firmly.

“Completely erasing the fate related to you. If the fate disappears, the future has no choice but to change.”

For a while, Seol Jihu couldn’t understand what Seo Yuhui was saying. But when he saw her spiteful gaze, a memory from the past struck his mind like a lightning bolt.

[All humans are born with their own Star of Fate.]

[The movement of this star rea~lly doesn’t change easily. No matter how much it is disturbed, it continues to advance toward its predetermined fate.]

[That’s why we are killing them. Because that is much more certain than a half-baked attempt at a change.]

Seol Jihu finally understood everything.

The reason why Black Seol Jihu and Future Seo Yuhui did not say anything, and just what it was that Seo Yuhui was talking about. In other words, getting rid of Phi Sora was the surest method of changing the future.

Seol Jihu turned pale. He looked up at Seo Yuhui with a look of horror and disbelief.

“N-No….”

Seol Jihu stammered in a daze.

“Didn’t you say you would do anything?”

A cold reply came back.

Seol Jihu unwittingly turned around and looked back. He could see Phi Sora standing nervously in the corner. Her pupils were shaking, and her lips were sealed shut. It was apparent that she was anxious.

She should not have understood the exact meaning of what Seo Yuhui said, but she must have read the situation and understood the general idea.

When her eyes met Seo Yuhui’s, she instinctively protected her stomach and took a few steps back.

Seeing this, Seol Jihu made up his mind.

“No.”

Seol Jihu looked back at Seo Yuhui.

“I can’t do that. I’d rather be the one to die….”

A heavy silence filled the air like a huge boulder crushing down on everything in the atmosphere. After ten minutes, that seemed like ten hours…

“...Right.”

Seo Yuhui heaved out the breath she had been holding in.

“We can’t do that…. Dying or killing…. In the end….”

She unexpectedly retracted her previous statement.

Seol Jihu did a double-take. Right, there was no way that was what Seo Yuhui really wanted. She was a benevolent and merciful person by nature. There was no way she could do something like killing an innocent baby. She must have wanted him to know what she was feeling on the inside.

Realizing this, Seol Jihu didn’t know what to do. In the end, he could only lower his head back down.

“Huu….”

Tok, tok. Seo Yuhui sighed while tapping her arm with her finger. She then spoke.

“For now… leave.”

Seol Jihu raised his head.

“I don’t want to see your face right now. I don’t care if you go to that world or your parents’ place, so just leave this house.”

Simply put, she was saying she did not want him anywhere around her.

Seol Jihu’s pupils shook.

“Yuhui.”

“I need to talk to Miss Phi Sora privately. I also need some time to think.”

“Why not—”

“Leave.”

Seo Yuhui’s eyes flashed. Seol Jihu froze like a frog in front of a snake.

“Oh wait, this is your place. Alright, should I leave then?”

“No, uh….”

At that moment, Seol Jihu felt a slight nudge on his back. Phi Sora was standing behind him before he noticed.

Looking down at him with furrowed brows, she nodded her head faintly. Seol Jihu understood this gesture as Phi Sora saying she was okay and that he should listen to Seo Yuhui.

“...Okay….”

Seol Jihu slowly got up. He looked back at Seo Yuhui and Phi Sora before staggering toward the door.

After the door closed behind him, he did not leave and moved to the wall and strained his ear. He was worried Seo Yuhui would start bullying Phi Sora.

“Didn’t I tell you to leave?”

However, Seo Yuhui immediately noticed and yelled, and Seol Jihu ran off in a hurry.

‘This is serious….’

Phi Sora gasped inwardly.

Just who was Seo Yuhui? She babied Seol Jihu even when all the female members of Valhalla raised objections. Seeing someone who always spoiled Seol Jihu being like this, Phi Sora couldn’t help but be nervous.

Seo Yuhui slicked her hair back. Lifting her chin, she stared straight at the awkwardly standing Phi Sora.

At that moment, Phi Sora reflexively looked away. She didn’t have the confidence to meet her eyes.

At that instant, Phi Sora was afraid of Seo Yuhui. More so than when she was facing the Parasite Queen.

“I, I’m sorry.”

Unable to bear the tension, Phi Sora forced out a couple of words.

“I didn’t know this would happen…. Though, I’m sure it sounds like an excuse to you….”

Phi Sora lowered her head.

“I know I’m in no position to say this, but I understand how you feel. If I were you, I would have flipped out and thrown a fit about getting an abortion.”

“....”

“I’ll do whatever you say. If you want me to disappear forever, I will. Both from this country and that world.”

“....”

“So please, don’t make me lose my….”

Phi Sora couldn’t finish her sentence.

After a brief moment of silence…

“...Even if you say that.”

Seo Yuhui spoke up.

“I doubt Jihu will just stand by.”

“That’s something I can—”

“No, that’s not possible. The power of fate, known as Seol Jihu, isn’t something anyone can stop.”

Seo Yuhui’s cold voice rang out.

“I know it couldn’t be helped… And you’re right. The baby inside you is innocent.”

She continued in a suppressed voice.

“Fine, if that’s the mindset you have, I won’t tell you to disappear from our lives forever.”

Phi Sora widened her eyes in surprise. She couldn’t tell if she misheard her.

“Don’t misunderstand.”

Seo Yuhui’s tone changed.

“I have no intention of letting go of Jihu.”

Seo Yuhui glared at Phi Sora and brought the handbag she dropped in front of the door. Then, she took out a slender stick from inside.

“...Eh?”

Phi Sora jumped in a startle. It was because the stick in Seo Yuhui’s hand was a pregnancy test. Phi Sora also saw two straight lines drawn in the center.

“You too…?”

“It’s only obvious.”

Seo Yuhui replied calmly.

“We did it so many times and never used protection.”

“He…”

“He shouldn’t know. I haven’t told him yet.”

Seo Yuhui bit her lower lip.

“I was planning on surprising him this week while bringing up the topic of us living together….”

‘Dear god!’ Phi Sora pressed her forehead. It was just too much of a coincidence. Now, she began to understand this ridiculous fate a little more.

“The important thing isn’t this.”

Seo Yuhui slumped down on her seat.

“I’ll be straightforward.”

She uncrossed her arms and placed her hand on her chest.

“I will be the lawfully wedded wife.”

“?”

“I’m not joking.”

Seo Yuhui spoke in a clear voice as if she had thought about this already.

“On Earth, while everyone is watching, I will get married to Jihu. The one Jihu introduces to his parents, no, his entire family will be me. He will introduce me as his wife and my kids as his children.”

“Then….”

“As I said before, I won’t tell you to disappear from our lives. But if you don’t plan on leaving, you will have to give birth to your child and raise him or her here.”

“....”

“If you can’t promise me this, I’m going to have to ask Jihu to choose between us.”

Seo Yuhui’s voice was resolute as if this was one thing she would not relent.

Phi Sora groaned. What could she say though? Phi Sora was someone who could put herself in others’ shoes. And she knew she would never be able to say the same words if she were in Seo Yuhui’s position.

“...Okay….”

Phi Sora dropped her head.

“I’m grateful….”

“You promised. Later, if you say something else, then I really….”

“Yes…. I understand…”

Phi Sora slowly raised her head. Then, she smiled sadly.

“But still…. Thank you.”

She spoke in a feeble voice.

“I was actually worried I would have to raise my kid without a father…. I guess I won’t have to worry about that anymore….”

Seo Yuhui’s complexion softened slightly. She felt bad seeing the usually headstrong Phi Sora murmuring with her arms around her stomach.

Seo Yuhui was a kind person by nature.

“...I’m saying that’s what we should do for now.”

Seo Yuhui smiled bitterly.

“As you know, Miss Phi Sora, the situation between that world and Earth is different.”

“Of course, I know.”

“We can put our heads together and think about what to do in the future…. The situation might change too if Jihu changes his mind and decides to tell his family about the secret.”

Seo Yuhui sighed again. She lost count of how many times she had sighed today.

“...How’s the baby?”

The atmosphere lightened up slightly.

“Have you gone to the hospital?”

“Ah, yes, I went with Jihu today. The doctor confirmed that I was pregnant. What about you, Miss Yuhui?”

“I’ve been pregnant for a few weeks too. The doctor said the baby’s healthy.”

Seo Yuhui pointed at the chair next to her.

Phi Sora carefully sat down.

“Anyway, you’re incredible, Miss Yuhui.”

“What do you mean?”

“I know I’m in no position to say this, but… are you really okay with it?”

Seo Yuhui chuckled at Phi Sora’s words.

“I’m human too. Of course, I’m not okay with it.”

“Then….”

“Still.”

Seo Yuhui glanced at the front door with a complicated gaze.

‘Even if I try to hate him….’

Perhaps because of Future Vision, several emotions were now mixed in a jumble.

No, it wasn’t just because of Future Vision.

When she thought about how Seol Jihu knowingly sacrificed himself to send her back safely….

“To be honest, I’m not in any position to say anything either.”

Seo Yuhui smacked her lips.

“Though I don’t necessarily agree, I’m sure that person sees me as a thieving cat as well. I guess you can say I got what I deserved.”

“That person…?”

Phi Sora tilted her head.

“Oh, there’s something I need to tell you, Miss Phi Sora.”

Seo Yuhui changed the subject.

“It might sound like everything’s settled… but don’t think it will end with just the two of us.”

“...Huh?”

Phi Sora blinked.

*

After returning to Paradise, Seol Jihu entered the Path of the Soul.

Black Seol Jihu immediately praised him, saying Seol Jihu was better than himself.

In the current situation, it was clear who the victim and the perpetrator were. This was easy to see just by changing places. Though Seo Yuhui definitely said it in a fit of anger, what would happen if she really came back pregnant with another man’s child? Would Seol Jihu be able to forgive her and accept her back?

Just thinking about it made his heart ache and his stomach churn.

Right, Seo Yuhui getting angry was natural. And she had every right to decide how to proceed going forward.

However, Black Seol Jihu could not do that for her. Unable to endure the guilt, he broke up with Seo Yuhui one-sidedly and ran away.

Left with no one to lash out at and no choice to make, Seo Yuhui had been struck with a tremendous shock. Setting everything aside, the trust she had in Seol Jihu as a human being crumbled down. It took Black Seol Jihu tens of years to rebuild this lost trust.

At the very least, the current Seol Jihu did not make the same mistake he had. He sought forgiveness immediately and waited for his punishment. Though he might not have done the right thing as a lover, he had at least done the right thing as a human being.

Of course, that didn’t mean he had anything to be proud of. As Black Seol Jihu rightly said, all that did was turn him into less of a son-of-a-bitch.

[I know I sound like a broken record, but be good to Yuhui. Make her your number one priority. It’ll be easier if you just pretend you’re dead.]

That was Black Seol Jihu’s advice.

Seol Jihu swore to follow this advice once again. That no matter what Seo Yuhui decided, he would make sure something like this never happens again.

He was determined to get a vasectomy as soon as he returned to Earth.

[Haha! That’s probably one of the most normal methods you could have thought of. But do you really think I wouldn’t have tried the same thing?]

Of course, Black Seol Jihu laughed at him, saying it was a futile effort.

[Three times. I had that surgery three times, yet I still got girls pregnant.]

[The doctor said I should just accept my fate, saying that these children were gifts of heaven.]

[I went mad once and tried to cut it off, but Yuhui practically risked her life to stop me. She said she couldn’t allow that no matter what.]

*

After spending a day in Paradise, Seol Jihu went to work at Seol Jihu Ramen?.

He did not plan to go home for a while or more precisely, until Seo Yuhui allowed him back.

‘I wonder how long it will take….’

Seol Jihu collected his mind while preparing for the day’s business when… Ring! He jumped in a startle at the sound of the door opening.

He saw Seo Yuhui walking in through the door, followed by Phi Sora.

“Oh, you were already getting ready? You’re early today~”

Seo Yuhui spoke as she usually did and went into the kitchen to change.

Seol Jihu stood in a daze while blankly staring at Seo Yuhui, who was preparing the ingredients.

“Um….”

“Let’s see~ What should I start with?”

Seol Jihu repeatedly hesitated on what to say. It kind of seemed like Seo Yuhui was pretending the whole thing never happened. Still, this wasn’t something he could just gloss over and forget.

“Yuhui….”

Steeling his mind, Seol Jihu called Seo Yuhui in a low voice.

At the same time, Seo Yuhui stopped moving.

“...I had a long talk with Miss Phi Sora last night.”

Sighing lightly, Seo Yuhui spoke while taking out a knife.

“We can talk about the details after today’s work. For now, just know that Miss Phi Sora will continue living in your apartment. And also….”

Seo Yuhui took a brief pause before continuing.

“I’ll also be moving in within a day or so. I already have my things packed, so wait in front of Building 102 with your car.”

Seol Jihu’s jaw dropped open. He doubted his ears, unable to believe what he just heard.

After standing at a loss for what to do for a long time, he turned to Phi Sora.

Phi Sora shrugged and then gave a strange smile.

“Oh, also.”

Seo Yuhui continued while chopping the green onions with the knife. Her face was expressionless as if she wasn’t affected at all.

“We need to talk later tonight. There’s something I need to tell you.”

“Something you need to tell me?”

“...Don’t worry.”

Seo Yuhui smiled.

“I’m not going to tell you to break up with me. But I’m sure you’ll be surprised.”

“...Yuhui….”

Seol Jihu’s eyes tinged red. He could tell Seo Yuhui had forgiven him, but the guilt he felt did not go away.

Seo Yuhui was speaking affectionately as always, but she surely must not be the same internally. No matter how dense Seol Jihu was, he at least understood that she was saying so with heavy heart and grit.

“I’m sorry….”

“....”

“I’ll… be better. I won’t make the same mistake again, so…!”

Seol Jihu ran into Seo Yuhui’s embrace. Though he said so sincerely, Seo Yuhui did not seem to trust him at all. She only let out an empty chuckle and patted his head.

“I don’t expect that much… but at least try to cut the number down by half…. Then I’ll acknowledge your effort….”

It almost looked like she was resigned to her fate.

Phi Sora smacked her lips while seeing Seol Jihu burning with eagerness. She was happy that everything worked out, but she was still in a state of shock with what she heard last night.

Seo Yuhui had told her to steel her heart. Seol Jihu’s decision to take Phi Sora in would make others, who were eyeing for an opportunity, reveal their teeth one by one.

‘Not one, not two, but eight? Is that even possible?’

Just as she thought so…

Ring!

The front door opened.

“Hello! I came to play…?”

Teresa, who came in energetically, blinked rapidly.

The sobbing Seol Jihu, Seo Yuhui’s slightly sunken expression as she embraced him, and the awkward-looking Phi Sora standing to the side. Sensing the odd air flowing between the three, Teresa also made a strange face.

*

That day, Teresa volunteered to be a waitress and observed the three of them carefully.

When the restaurant closed, she followed Phi Sora, who said she had somewhere to go and dragged her to the kitchen.

“What are you doing?”

“Eii, don’t be like that. Just tell me~”

“Tell you what?”

“Come on. I can tell something has happened. You know I’m quick when it comes to things like this, right? It’s about love, isn’t it?”

“Love? More like morning drama about an affair.”

“Oho, a morning drama about an affair.”

Teresa tenaciously tried to pry information out of her.

“You’re not going to hide it forever, are you?”

“...I know it’s not possible, but….”

“Then hurry up and tell me! It looks like everyone’s going to find out soon anyway. Who cares if you tell me a little earlier?”

“....”

“And who knows? Maybe I can help you.”

Unable to withstand Teresa’s pestering, Phi Sora spoke reluctantly.

“So… there was a Neutral Zone reunion not too long ago….”

“Okay, and?”

Rather than wanting any help, she just wanted to get it out of her system. Though the important thing was that Teresa was interested in something else entirely.

“And in the end….”

“My, my, how? His physical level is nothing to joke at.”

“This was on Earth, not Paradise. Don’t you know Earthlings’ physical levels get restricted when they go back?”

“Ah, right. But it still shouldn’t have been easy.”

“It’s the damned alcohol.”

“Ah, alcohol.”

The smile on Teresa’s face thickened. She looked like she had just found the solution to a long, troubling problem.

“I see, Jihu is weak to alcohol….”

Teresa’s eyes gleamed.

It seemed Seol Jihu’s women problem was only just starting….





Side Story 24. That Man


“Your ramen is the best, Seol!”

Today again, Hugo was starting his morning at Seol Jihu’s ramen restaurant.

“Hey, I see you’ve got some new ramens on the menu, Seol!”

“Ah, yes.”

“But what’s up with these names? Seo Yuhui Ramen? Phi Sora Ramen?”

“Um…. Yeah, things just turned out that way.”

Seol Jihu let out a cough.

Hugo didn’t seem to mind.

“Anyway, your ramen tastes so good that I feel guilty about eating them alone. I want everyone to have a bite!”

“I mean, you can always bring them here.”

Seol Jihu answered simply to Hugo’s loud exclamation.

“Oh, I’d love to, but unfortunately, they’re not Earthlings.”

“Yeah? Do you want it to go, then?”

“No, no, that’s okay. There’s a whole bunch of kids, and I also don’t want the noodles to get all mushy on the way.”

“I see…. Wait a second. Kids?”

Seol Jihu’s eyes widened.

“Hugo, you’re married?”

“No way!”

Hugo jumped in surprise.

“As if! I’m still single.”

“But, you just said….”

“Oh, that? That’s nothing. I’m just… looking after a few kids….”

Hugo smiled awkwardly before suddenly shooting up from his chair.

“Man, that was good! Now that my stomach’s full, I gotta go do some work.”

“Yeah, right. I bet you’re going off somewhere to drink.”

Quipped Chohong, who was eating ramen in the seat next to Hugo.

“But seriously, what’s with the hurry? You’re always stalling to spend more time with Lust Unni, but today you seemed to be in a rush.”

“I told you. I have work.”

“What, like an expedition or something?”

“Not in Paradise. I’m going back to Earth.”

“Earth? Oh, you’re going there?”

Chohong smirked.

“You’re so devoted to them~”

Listening to their conversation, Seol Jihu tilted his head.

“Where are you going?”

“Hmm? Ah, nowhere. Just home.”

“Home….”

Seol Jihu asked, turning his eyes away.

“Where are you from again, Hugo?”

Hugo stopped in his tracks.

He turned his head around and grinned.

“Detroit!”

*

Richard Hugo was born in Detroit, Michigan. His parents divorced when he was young, and his mother abandoned Hugo and his little brother at an orphanage shortly thereafter.

It’s common, really, for a kid who’s brought up in a not-so-ideal environment to perform poorly at school, fall in with the wrong crowd, and spiral down the wrong path. Stories like his were common in Detroit, especially in the slums.

By the time he became an adult, Hugo’s life was full of weariness. He spent all day roaming the streets with his friends and often got into fights. His day began with alcohol and ended with alcohol. He wanted nothing from life, but sometimes when he was completely drunk and walked along the Detroit River, he felt the urge to jump into the dark waters. He had no hope, no dream.

Even that day, Hugo was staggering along the streets at night. Only the sound of falling rain filled the air until suddenly, the sound of a gunshot rang out.

Hugo scoffed. This was no surprise to him. Gunshots were heard at least twice a day in some parts of Detroit. He clicked his tongue and continued walking.

But by coincidence or by a quirk of fate, Hugo had to stop before he could even walk a few steps. He saw a woman running toward him from the opposite direction, panting and puffing.

The woman also noticed Hugo and came to a sudden stop. A look of fear crossed her face. Her suit was soaked in the rain but still looked pricey and certainly out of place for the neighborhood she was in. Hugo couldn’t help but wonder what someone like her was doing here at this hour. She seemed to be running from a mugger with a gun.

“Ah…. Fuck….”

The woman saw Hugo and bit her lip. She seemed to have mistaken him as the mugger’s comrade.

Stupid. She should’ve just handed over her wallet. Then at least her life wouldn’t be in danger. Hugo thought to himself as he turned away from the woman. He didn’t want to get involved in something like this.

The woman stared at Hugo as he tried to walk past her toward the side road.

A light flickered in her eyes.

“Help!”

Realizing that he was just a passerby, she shouted quickly. Of course, that did nothing to change Hugo’s mind, but at least it kept him on the scene long enough for the three muggers to arrive.

The trio flinched at the sight of Hugo and raised their guard.

“Who the fuck are you? Are you friends with this bitch?”

One of them asked, aiming his rain-soaked gun at Hugo.

“No way. I’m an innocent bystander who just happens to be passing by.”

Hugo raised his hands into the air.

“What? Haha! Do you think we’re gonna buy that?”

“Hey, wait a minute, I feel like I’ve seen him somewhere before….”

Two men standing next to the man with the gun snickered.

The gunman gestured with his chin with the gun still pointed at Hugo.

“I suggest you get lost. Not that way, but this way, so we can see you.”

“Sure, I’ll get out of your hair.”

Hugo moved slowly, with his hands still in the air. He could feel the woman’s gaze on him, but it didn’t bother him. However, just as he was about to pass the trio….

“…Wait.”

The gun changed its direction.

“I changed my mind. I wanna play safe.”

As soon as the gun locked on him, Hugo turned around at lightning speed. All the mugger could see the next moment was the thick arm flying toward his face.

“Aaaak!”

A terrified shriek rang out.

Tang! Tang! The sound of gunshots filled the alley.

Everything happened so quickly that the mugger couldn’t make sense of what was going on. His vision distorted, and his back bent. He felt an explosive pain in his right shoulder as it was forcibly dislocated. And his hand—it felt empty. He clenched his fist instinctively. Suddenly, his eyes widened.

He felt the coldness of his own gun on his neck.

“No—”

Tang! The sound of a gunshot filled the air.

Blood spattered everywhere.

The mugger’s body twitched once and then helplessly fell to the ground.

The remaining two finally realized the seriousness of the situation and began to move. One of them rushed at Hugo from behind, and the other quickly pulled his gun out as he moved away from Hugo.

“Watch out!”

The woman shut her mouth because she saw Hugo was already moving. Hugo turned around and smashed the mugger’s face with his elbow. At the same time, without even looking, he aimed his gun sideways and fired.

It happened simultaneously—the mugger, who jumped from behind, fell to the ground with his hands wrapped around his temple, and the mugger with the gun flew across the alley.

Hugo looked down at the mugger on the ground with a scoff.

He aimed his gun at him without hesitation.

“P- Please….”

Tang!

The mugger stopped moving.

The pool of crimson spread wide across the ground and mixed with rain.

The woman, who had been watching the whole fight from the beginning, looked puzzled.

“Hm. I wonder where they’re from. They ain’t bad.”

She stared at Hugo with eyes full of shock as he examined the gun, turning it over in his hand.

“Next time you run into people like them, keep your head down and just hand over your wallet. You’re gonna lose your life trying to save a couple of bucks.”

Hugo lifted his arm to wipe the blood off his face and turned around. He hummed to himself as he walked out of the alley, waving the gun in his hand.

The woman stood dazed for a moment before hurrying after Hugo.

“Wait! Hold on!”

“Hmm?”

Hugo seemed surprised that she had followed him.

“Just now…. How did you do that?”

“Do what?”

“Everything!”

Hugo was slightly taken aback.

“What the…. Are you sick in the head or somethin’?”

“I don’t know. Maybe.”

The woman sounded strangely confident.

“Leaving everything else aside… How did you make that last move?”

“?”

“You got both of them without even looking.”

“…You stopped me to ask that?”

Hugo looked at her as if she was crazy.

“I just followed my gut.”

“Your gut? That’s it?”

The woman let out a laugh of disbelief.

“No way. But you moved like you had eyes on the sides and the back of your head! Especially when tackling with the man with the gun….”

She tapped the center of her forehead twice.

Hugo raised one eyebrow.

“So why are you asking me all this? I guess I’ll applaud you for not running away crying.”

“…Have you ever considered your ‘gut’ could be your talent?”

“Huh? Talent?”

Hugo widened his eyes before bursting into laughter.

“Aha. I get it now. You must be a recruiter for a basketball or a baseball club, no?”

“Something like that…. You do have great instincts, as you say.”

“Okay, so now I’m gonna become a professional sports player, make use of my talent, and rise to the top? Is that how this story is gonna go?”

Hugo laughed.

“I don’t know….”

The woman’s eyes lit up.

“This ‘game’ could be more fun than just playing with balls.”

The corners of her lips turned upwards.

“I feel like you’d be a good fit for it.”

Hugo’s laughter suddenly stopped.

He sensed a change in the atmosphere.

She wasn’t some naive tourist he thought she was. She smelled of danger.

Hugo instinctively pointed his gun at the woman.

“Who are you?”

“Take a guess, but don’t shoot me. I just meant you should answer my question.”

“I have a bad feeling that I’ve been dragged into some sort of war.”

“There you go again with your instincts.”

The woman smiled faintly.

“You’re right. And those muggers were no ordinary muggers either. It wasn’t my money they were after.”

“…”

“That’s why you surprised me. Although we are here and not there, it’s still very impressive that you killed three highly trained people with such ease. I’ll even give you extra points for having no qualms about killing.”

Hugo frowned. Not here but there? And she likes that he’s familiar with murder? Everything about this woman screamed danger.

The woman noticed that Hugo was debating whether to shoot her or not and said quickly.

“Aren’t you curious about what they were trying to take from me?”

Without waiting for Hugo’s answer, the woman dropped her purse to the ground. She managed to open it with her feet, then she kicked it a few times, and the contents of the purse fell out and scattered across the wet ground.

Wallet, makeup kit, cell phone…. Of them all, the woman kicked something about the size of an adult man’s thumb toward Hugo.

Hugo carefully picked up the object that flew toward him, still pointing his gun at the woman.

It was a red stamp.

“Huh…. Is this a new type of drug?”

“Of course not. Open it, and you’ll see.”

The woman chuckled.

“It’s a rare item. That magical stamp can give some people more pleasure than any drug.”

Hugo stared at the woman without blinking.

“That said, it is a red stamp… but don’t worry. I have a feeling that your talent will be useful there. Prove me your worth, and I’ll take all the responsibility.”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“That’s only natural, for now.”

“Stop beating around the bush. You keep saying there, but where exactly are you talking about?”

“I can’t tell you that. It’s not that I don’t want to, but I literally can’t because of the restrictions. I’m not lying.”

The woman winked at Hugo.

“What do you want from me?”

Hugo asked in a flat tone, clearly annoyed.

The woman replied with a smile.

“It’s simple. Read the manual, and stamp your body if you’re interested. That’s it.”

Hugo shook his head.

“What a waste of time…. Get lost.”

“Wait! Don’t throw that away! Take this before you leave!”

When Hugo tried to throw the stamp away, the woman quickly raised both her hands and pointed her chin toward the inside of her coat.

“Are you serious? What is your deal?”

“Just take that stamp and this! Please!”

Anyone who ran into this scene would be confused. The man with the gun was trying to walk away, and the woman, seemingly the victim, was begging him to take whatever was inside her coat.

“Jesus….”

Hugo noticed the woman’s desperate expression and rubbed the stamp in his hand.

Every day was always the same. But tonight, a strange curiosity took hold of Hugo. He approached the woman carefully and stretched his arm toward the inside pocket of her coat. Soon he found a slightly wet but fancy-looking envelope in his hand.

“So this is it? You can get lost now.”

“Any chance you might want to read that here?”

“You have until the count of three. If you don’t leave, I’ll punch a hole in your forehead. One, two, three….”

Hugo pointed the gun at the woman’s brow and placed his finger on the trigger.

The woman turned around and ran away.

“You have to make it to the halfway point! My name is…!”

Hugo heard her yell something in the distance but paid no attention to it.

As soon as he got home, he opened the envelope and read the letter inside.

“…”

A disappointed look crossed Hugo’s face. ‘Visit another world and enjoy an exciting adventure?’ He wondered if this was some kind of promotion for a new game. He also examined the stamp but couldn’t find anything special about it.

Well, there was this one thing.

When he stamped his body out of curiosity, he thought the ink glowed briefly. But it was only for a moment, and the stamp soon disappeared without a trace.

‘I knew she was a fraud,’ he thought. ‘At least it was fun while it lasted.’

With a smirk, Hugo crawled into the bed.

And then….

A burst of pale light exploded around Hugo, who had fallen asleep, drunk.

At the same time, his body completely disappeared from Earth.

September 18th, 2015.

On that day, Richard Hugo entered Paradise for the first time.





Side Story 25. That Man and Those People


It was just as the woman predicted.

After entering Paradise, Hugo grew accustomed to the new world quickly. Almost like a wild animal placed in a new environment.

Hugo passed the Tutorial and the Neutral Zone with an above-average grade. Then he signed the contract offered by the woman standing outside the Neutral Zone.

He knew that a Red Mark was a slave contract but did not mind it much. He was satisfied with having met a new world that could help him escape his repetitive, everyday life.

The problem was the time in which Hugo entered Paradise.

The Parasites were wreaking havoc everywhere, and humanity was at an all-time hostile relationship with the Parasites. To top it all off, humanity’s internal affairs were in a horrible state.

In the end, the Haramark Royal Family took up arms to suppress the Earthlings, who had been gradually crossing the line more and more. They announced that the royal families would start to play an active role concerning Earthlings, including their entrance to Paradise and their promotion to become High Rankers.

Unsurprisingly, this announcement brought about a huge uproar. When the Haramark Royal Family tried to continue with their efforts despite the protests, many organizations rose up in defiance.

Starting in the southern region, the situation worsened so much that the Haramark Royal Family had to evacuate to Scheherazade.

The uprising was so huge and intense that control over Haramark might have fallen to the Earthlings had Sinyoung not interfered in the end.

Although Sinyoung’s show of force disguised as mediation calmed down the situation, that wasn’t the end. It was because all organizations involved with the revolt were forced to move to the city bordering the Parasites’ territory in exchange for not being punished.

With multiple criminal organizations gathering together in a single city, the outcome was obvious.

Immediately after the revolt, one poor city was given the title City of Crimes.

That was the start of Haramark’s civil unrest.

*

UDD. It was an abbreviation of the name, Underdog, the organization to which Hugo was contracted. It wasn’t a huge organization by any means, but it was influential enough to acquire invitation letters.

No, perhaps it would be correct to say they were influential. Due to participating in the massive revolt, they had lost a great deal of influence and power.

The organizations that were forced to Haramark began to eye each other like hawks. Then one day, an incident broke out.

While the organizations were having a battle of nerves, unable to reach a compromise, Ill Destino, which supported the Triads, had sniped the head of Sicilia’s subordinate organization.

This action was akin to lighting a warehouse of explosives. An inter-organizational war broke out afterward, taking the lives of thousands.

Screams echoed out in the city day and night, and the streets became littered with flesh and blood.

UDD, which once boasted its name as a small but strong organization, was placed into a position where they had to worry about their continued existence. Although UDD supported the Triads, Sicilia was the organization that held the tide of victory by the end of the conflict.

Before the conflict, UDD had around forty members. By the end, they had less than half that number. Its representative and executives had been assassinated by the ‘Tarantula’, and with no leader to guide them, UDD had no choice but to run like hunted beasts.

Eventually, the remaining members judged their loss was too great and decided to return to Earth. But on their way to the temple, they were attacked by enemies who were lying in ambush.

Only ten or so members escaped with their lives, running back to hide in their organization’s building.

“What should we do now? This place will surely be raided soon…!”

“Damn it! Just what are the Triads doing!? They should be working together right now, not fighting amongst themselves…!”

The surviving members put their heads together, but no smart solution came up.

Meanwhile, Hugo sat quietly in the corner. He wasn’t thinking about anything in particular. It wasn’t as if he feared death either. He had experienced death many times in the slums. He didn’t think Paradise would be any different.

Hugo’s head was completely empty. He entered Paradise because he was told to do so, and he fought because he was told to do so.

‘Come to think of it….’

Was there ever a time when I did something of my own will?

When he thought this, a chuckle escaped his lips. Looking back, he realized how passive he had been his entire life. Of course, a part of the reason was because of his environment. Still….

“Hugo? Why are you laughing?”

At that moment, a woman asked angrily.

Hugo was woken out of his daze and stepped back instinctively. It was because the dark room suddenly turned bright.

“Get back! Hurry!”

“Hmm? What are you…?”

Realizing the room getting brighter, the blinking woman suddenly stopped talking. She looked at the source of the light with widening eyes.

She saw a huge fireball falling on everyone’s heads.

“E-Explosion?”

“RUUUUUUN!”

As one person shouted frantically, the rest hurriedly shot up. However, it was already too late. Flash! Their vision turned white. Not a single yelp escaped their mouths.

All Hugo could do in this brief moment was hide behind the furniture, face-down.

KWANG!

A fierce explosion shook the air. Hugo protected his head as a dull shock beat up his body.

How much time went by? As screams subsided and intermittent grunts began to ring out, several footsteps got closer.

These were the Earthlings who had allied with Sicilia.

“I knew I smelled rats that had crawled out of the sewage….”

Cinzia, the tall woman with a red coat and thick hair resembling a lion’s mane, walked in with her hands buried in her pockets.

“We sure cooked them well. I can smell the freshness.”

Many corpses were burnt beyond recognition.

“How about we use these rats as decorations too? They’ll be excellent examples for the other rats that don’t know who they’re up against.”

Cinzia grinned after glancing around the room.

Agnes nodded slightly before spreading out her arms. Chwaak! Silver threads shot out in all directions. While they picked up the burnt corpses, some also touched Hugo’s body.

Cinzia and Agnes simultaneously glanced sideways.

“...Looks like there was one rat with good senses.”

Cinzia said.

“He might have gotten lucky.”

And Agnes retorted.

Tsk. Hugo clicked his tongue and then scanned his surroundings briefly. In the next instant, he turned back and shot out of the rubble.

He moved purely out of instinct and at a frightening speed. Shooting toward Cinzia, who was standing in front of the group, he swung down the axe in his hand.

It was then. Tatatang! A series of gunshots rang out.

Three of them brushed past Hugo’s body, but the last one pierced his shoulder joint. At the same time, a long-haired woman threw herself at the stuttering Hugo.

A stupidly large mace was swung at his face, and Hugo simultaneously changed the grip on his axe from his right hand to his left hand, blocking the attack that almost smashed his head.

CLANG!

An ear-piercing, metallic ring rang out. As Hugo had blocked the attack while he had lost balance, it was only natural that he was sent flying back. The important thing was the direction he was sent flying.

The direction had not changed. Although his back was facing his target from turning his body to block the attack, the direction he was shooting toward was still the same.

In fact, he accelerated toward Cinzia, and he swung his axe backward without even looking. This all happened in the blink of an eye.

Blood spurted out. The sensation of a chilling blade brushed past the area between Cinzia’s left eye and cheek. Her face turned ashen for the first time.

She had taken a step back as soon as she noticed, but the axe had cut deeper than she expected. Had Agnes not flung her threads in a hurry, it surely would have dealt a fatal blow.

“This bastard!”

The mace-wielding woman rushed in and kicked Hugo. Koong. With his stomach stomped on, Hugo was helplessly pushed down to the ground.

“Did you see this bastard just now?”

The mace-wielding woman exclaimed in surprise after kicking Hugo’s axe away.

“I can’t believe he calculated all that in a split second.”

A burly black man, who was aiming at Hugo, commented in awe.

“He changed his grip in an instant and used the force of the kick to accelerate himself…. Noonim, he was targeting you the whole time, right?”

Chohong raised her head while marveling in astonishment.

“Why don’t you worry about her first?”

The burly black man shook his head.

“...I’m fine, Dylan.”

Cinzia spoke calmly before raising her left hand and caressing her cheek. A copious amount of blood rubbed off on her hand.

“My apologies, Boss. I didn’t think he’d—”

“No, it’s fine. I underestimated him as well. Chohong? Hold on a second.”

Cinzia shook her head and then raised her hand to signal Chohong, who was just about to smash Hugo’s head. Chohong paused and looked back in surprise.

Cinzia trudged up and stopped in front of Hugo. Their eyes met. It was obvious to everyone that Hugo was not in a good state. It was due to forcing himself to move in an already injured state. His mind was blurring as he slowly bled out, but….

“Hoh.”

Hugo’s pupils were still alive.

A look of interest appeared on Cinzia as she gazed down at his calm eyes.

“Interesting. Very interesting.”

“....”

“He desires survival yet does not fear death. He seems a little similar to Agnes in that regard… but also different.”

Cinzia chuckled quietly and glanced at Agnes.

“Come to think of it, didn’t our plan to exterminate the UDD rats fail not too long ago because of a single, beast-like Earthling’s rampage?”

“Yes. Boss, you and I had to step in personally to resolve it. With the conflict nearing the end, there was a chance that the ace of another city’s organization might have interfered.”

Agnes raised her glasses.

Cinzia examined Hugo as if to evaluate him.

“He doesn’t look high-leveled… and his movements resemble a beast’s. But.”

Cinzia changed her tone towards the end as her eyes curled.

“He doesn’t look like the type that can be tamed by someone.”

“....”

“That’s how it is for guys that act based solely on their instinct rather than reason. They refuse to yield to violence, and even the ones they acknowledge, they take their time to watch before swearing their loyalty subconsciously. They might look simple on the outside but are rather tricky to deal with in reality.”

“So, what are you getting at?”

Chohong asked, somewhat frustrated.

“He is fundamentally incompatible with Sicilia. Kill him.”

When Cinzia turned around without hesitation, Chohong snorted.

“Hmph, you were talking like you were going to recruit him or something.”

“I considered it… but there’s a saying in the East, you shouldn’t trust black-haired animals. Well, not that this saying really fits the situation.”

Cinzia walked out while laughing.

“You stopped me for nothing then. Anyway, let’s clean up quickly and go home.”

Chohong grumbled and raised the mace she put down.

It was then.

“....”

Cinzia stopped.

Given Chohong’s personality, a loud thud should have sounded out immediately. However, it was quiet.

When Cinzia glanced back, she saw Chohong blinking dazedly with her mace held up and a wooden stick that had cut in between Chohong and Hugo. Moving her gaze slightly to the left, she saw another person, a short, old man with a well-built physique, wearing a black suit and a fedora.

Cinzia’s eyes flashed.

“O-Old Man….”

Chohong stepped back, hesitating.

“...Mister Jang.”

The old man slowly put his cane down at Cinzia’s call. Then, he spoke quietly.

“Why don’t we stop here.”

A calm voice flowed out, rapidly cooling the heated atmosphere. Cinzia’s eyes turned sharp, and Agnes’ eyebrows wriggled.

After a moment of silence, Cinzia spoke.

“I’m surprised. I did not think Mister Jang would be interested in a low-level Warrior like him. Did you see wasted potential in him?”

She sounded somewhat sarcastic.

“No, not at all.”

Jang Maldong shook his head slowly.

“I just thought this was enough.”

“All the more reason not to stop then.”

Cinzia spoke like a growling beast.

“We do not avoid the war that is brought to us. Sicilia has destroyed all enemies that dared to challenge it until now, and it will continue to do so.”

She was resolute in her decision not to let a single enemy escape alive.

Jang Maldong did not back down either.

“They were going to the warp gate.”

“Runaways are enemies all the same. They can point their weapons at Sicilia again at any moment.”

“...Taciana Cinzia.”

Jang Maldong sighed.

“The conflict is over.”

“No, the war—”

“It isn’t over until it’s over. I know that is Sicilia’s motto. But….”

Jang Maldong let out a long sigh again. Then, he spoke.

“As the soon-to-be victors, why not show a little mercy and generosity? For my sake.”

Cinzia’s eyes narrowed.

“If I did not mishear just now, I am deeply intrigued.”

“....”

“What is the reason someone of your status is going this far? I will decide based on your answer.”

“That’s….”

Jang Maldong took a brief pause before continuing.

“You can think of it as an old man’s foolish self-comfort.”

“Self-comfort?”

“Yes.”

Jang Maldong raised his hand and slowly took off his fedora. He then gazed at Cinzia with a helpless gaze.

“Because I feel partially responsible for this conflict.”

Cinzia’s face stiffened. She glared at Jang Maldong as if there was something she didn’t like and bit her lower lip. Of course, this look vanished in the next moment.

“That is very interesting. While we are the ones who chose this war, the one who planned and carried it out was Sinyoung’s Miss Foxy. Don’t tell me you are not aware of this.”

“I still feel morally responsible. Think of it as involuntary manslaughter.”

Cinzia closed her mouth at Jang Maldong’s words.

“I beseech you. I will take responsibility.”

Cinzia smacked her lips at Jang Maldong’s continued request.

She hesitated for a long time. What she eventually said, shocked everyone.

“...Fine. I suppose it’s fine sparing a single, low-level Warrior.”

“Boss?”

Agnes asked, doubting her ears, but Cinzia snorted.

“I was getting tired of playing along with that fox’s political ploy anyway.”

“But—”

“Stop. We are done here.”

Cinzia turned back without letting Agnes finish. Her coat fluttered in her violent turn, and Sicilia’s members quickly left the broken down building. Soon, only four people were left inside it.

“Huaaaaa!”

Chohong spat out the breath she had been holding in.

She stuck out her tongue and then let out an empty chuckle while looking at Jang Maldong.

“What’s up with you, Old Man? Are you crazy? It’s not like you don’t know Noonim’s temperament.”

“Chohong.”

Dylan warned Chohong, but he was just as confused as her.

“It was indeed a surprise. Although the possibility is low, given Sicilia’s nature, they might have designated us as their enemy.”

“Exactly! We would be done for if Noonim or just one of those crazies came at us!”

Chohong voiced her complaint.

Jang Maldong did not say much. He simply helped the unconscious Hugo up...

“...It’s all over.”

...and said a few words.

“Let’s go back now.”





Side Story 26. That Man, and That Man


Hugo woke up after being unconscious for a long time. A pang of drowsiness swept through his head. He furrowed his brows, tossed and turned, and then realized that his body didn’t seem to be in such a bad state.

Only after confirming that his right arm, which had been pierced by a bolt, was fine did Hugo realize that he was in an unfamiliar room.

As he laid there blinking dazedly, he saw some makeshift soundproofing on the other side of the wall. Hugo peeked at the hallway from the small gap in the door.

“The treatment is done. It wasn’t like I went easy on him either…. I still vividly remember how he moved. It was like watching a panther.”

“Fufu, I was surprised too.”

A familiar voice rang out.

Hugo knew who the two voices belonged to. The members of a team that supported Sicilia in the internal conflict, a team that owned a building despite their small size—Raison D'être.

The aged voice must belong to Jang Maldong, who was given the title of Master by Haramark’s king, and the deep, low voice must belong to Edward Dylan, Haramark’s elite Archer.

In that case, the woman who sent him flying must be Chung Chohong, the Slaughterer.

‘Why…?’

Why did they spare him and even treat his injuries?

Hugo wasn’t without questions, but his animalistic instincts told him to first eavesdrop on their conversation.

“By the way, are you acquainted with that friend?”

“No, I saw him for the first time today.”

“Then why did you go out of your way to save him?”

“Mm….”

Jang Maldong trailed off. Hugo was just as curious as the others.

“I don’t know. I did it without thinking.”

“....”

“The way he moved, he was like a wild animal. One that knows nothing and is struggling just to survive.”

Jang Maldong chuckled softly.

“Most importantly… he had clear eyes. Even in a life-or-death situation, they were crystal clear, so much so that I couldn’t see a hint of emotion in them. When I saw those eyes, my body acted on its own.”

“Being a good person is enough…. That’s what you said in the past.”

“Well, we don’t know whether he’s a good person yet. You guys were right in that I acted hastily. I won’t deny that.”

Hugo blinked. He was a little confused.

“But it’s true that he’s an interesting guy. That movement… if we think about the future of Raison D'être….”

“...You mean….”

It was then. The door opened with a clunk, and Chung Chohong walked in.

“Oh, he’s up?”

Chung Chohong shouted while looking at Hugo. While Hugo was flustered, the two men walked in as well.

“Stay in bed.”

Jang Maldong offered, but Hugo kept himself up. He seemed to be staring blankly, but Jang Maldong could see strong wariness behind his eyes.

“A Priest from the Temple of Luxuria just left after treating you. There shouldn’t be any lingering problems with your arm. Try moving it.”

Hugo spun his arm a couple of times. Then, he glanced at Jang Maldong.

“...As you must know, Haramark’s internal conflict has ended.”

After a brief silence, Jang Maldong dragged over a chair and sat down.

“It seems you signed as a Red Mark…. I don’t know what you’re feeling right now, but I advise you to stay low without causing trouble. Don’t even think about avenging your comrades.”

“....”

“You can go back to Earth if you want. If you don’t have anywhere to go, you’re welcome to stay here. We have plenty of rooms to spare, you see.”

“What?”

Chohong protested. However, when Dylan signaled her with his eyes, she shut up immediately.

Hugo was still silent. He only gazed at Jang Maldong as if to examine him.

“By the way… what’s your name?”

Jang Maldong asked.

Hugo remained silent.

“Your name! Are you deaf?”

Only when Jang Maldong urged him again did Hugo open his tightly sealed mouth.

“It’s Hugo.”

Tak! Stars popped up in front of him along with a sharp headache. Hugo yelped, clutching his head and scurrying back.

“Did you throw your manners to the dogs? I’m a whole lot older than you are and also happen to be your savior. And what?”

Jang Maldong yelled with his cane pointing toward Hugo.

“Puhahaha! You’re such an overbearing, old man!”

Chung Chohong burst into laughter with her hands on her belly.

“What was that? An overbearing, old man?”

Jang Maldong turned his cane to the side, glaring.

“What are you laughing at!?”

Pak, pak, pak!

Hugo stared back and forth at Jang Maldong and Chung Chohong, the former swinging his cane and the latter screaming with each hit. Edward Dylan was standing near them, an embarrassed smile on his face and his arms crossed. They were scary, cold-blooded people as enemies, so this side of them came off as a bit of a surprise.

Chohong ran away after being beaten for a while, and Jang Maldong loosened his tie and sat down.

“Damned brat…. Anyway, what are you going to do?”

“....”

“You can leave if you want. I won’t stop you.”

“....”

“Or do you want to stay a little longer?”

Hugo did not give an immediate answer. Jang Maldong also waited without rushing him. Hugo organized his thoughts…

“...Yes.”

And he slowly nodded his head.

“Thank you for saving me. And please take good care of me.”

He had nowhere to go anyway now that UDD was gone.

“What a boring guy.”

Jang Maldong chuckled and then put out his hand.

“I’m Jang Maldong.”

Hugo bowed and carefully grasped Jang Maldong’s hand.

Then he flinched. He looked down fixedly at Jang Maldong’s hand. Then, as he slowly pulled out his hand, he felt a strange sensation on his hand.

“...I’m Richard Hugo.”

It was a warmth he had never experienced before in his life.

*

Hugo began a new life. Jang Maldong did not bother with him after he regained his health. Hugo didn’t proactively try to do something either. He stayed quiet as Haramark’s internal conflict wrapped up, and he spent his days helping out Raison D'être.

One day, Jang Maldong, who was secretly observing Hugo during this time, summoned everyone. He announced that the team would go on a trip to Huge Stone Rocky Mountain.

Hugo should have known when Dylan ran away, saying that important business came up, and Chohong screamed like a madwoman. At the very least, he should have noticed when the frightening Agnes, who had been inside the building at the time, gave him a pitying look.

Only after getting dragged to the mountain without knowing a thing did Hugo realize what kind of hell he had gotten himself into. Initially, Hugo only received training on the side while Jang Maldong focused on training Chohong, but even that was hellish.

“That damned old man!”

At the end of the first day’s training, Chohong’s eyes gleamed as she yelled in rage.

“Fuck! Fuck! FUUUUUCK! I’ll kill him! I swear I’ll kill him!!!”

She spat out all kinds of curses and then attempted to coax Hugo.

“Hey, do you have any money saved up?”

“?”

“Don’t tell me you’re just going to take his bullshit. Dylan’s not here. This is the perfect opportunity to get rid of that old man!”

Hugo stared at Chohong in a fluster. Kill him? He didn’t expect those words to come out of Chohong, who had been with Jang Maldong for far longer.

“There’s apparently a Priest at the Temple of Luxuria who will do anything for money. We should go ask this Priest to kill the old man.”

“...If you’re talking about casting a curse, shouldn’t we ask a Priest of Invidia?”

“I’m sure this Priest will take care of the details! How about it?”

“...No thanks. He is my savior. Besides, he’s doing this to help us get stronger. I don’t think this is something you should joke about.”

Hugo shook his head, saying he would forget ever hearing it. Chohong clicked her tongue.

“Listen, you can only say that because you haven’t experienced his focused training. He’s practically killing you!”

Hugo still did not buy into it. He was somewhat surprised with himself. His past, short-tempered self would have been running about, screaming to quit.

But something about Jang Maldong felt different. It wasn’t as if he didn’t feel a little rebellious, but he wanted to meet his expectations more than anything else. For himself, if anything.

However, this thought did not even last a whole day.

The next day, Hugo’s focused training began. By sunset, Hugo had gone looking for Chohong, sobbing. He regretted what he said yesterday and grabbed the olive branch Chohong offered.

After their training, the two of them really went to the Temple of Luxuria and paid a Priest to pray for Jang Maldong’s death. It must have been at least somewhat effective as trivial misfortunes began to strike Jang Maldong. Looking at these, they felt a little better.

Although Jang Maldong found out in the end and beat them until they were blue, it was still an enjoyable and satisfying experience. Hugo felt like he was living a completely different life than in the past.

Jang Maldong was strict, solemn, and serious but was also warm and caring. Dylan was prudent and calm while knowing how to have fun, and he got along the best with Chohong.

When Hugo was with them, he found himself laughing before he noticed. It was almost like they were family. As a result, Hugo forgot all about Earth and lived in Paradise for some time.

Then one day, when Hugo had gotten used to his new life, Jang Maldong quietly summoned him. He asked if he could see Hugo on Earth.

Hugo was puzzled but did not refuse. He wondered if they would even be able to talk to each other without Paradise’s automatic language translation, but Jang Maldong turned out to be proficient in English.

On their first meeting, Jang Maldong asked whether he could see where Hugo grew up. Hugo hesitated but still led him to Detroit’s slums.

Jang Maldong clicked his tongue.

“It’s not a very good place.”

That was his comment after seeing the dilapidated orphanage. There was no need to explain how run-down the building was, and he couldn’t hear any children laughing either.

“Well, I can’t deny that.”

To be honest, Hugo was uncomfortable with this place. Although he had gotten used to living here, it was because he had no other choice. Otherwise, he would have left a long time ago.

“I don’t have good memories of this place….”

“Good memories, huh.”

Jang Maldong smiled bitterly. Then, he spoke.

“Then you can start making them from now on.”

“...Pardon?”

“Those kids, I mean.”

Jang Maldong raised his cane and said while pointing at the gloomy children.

“Why not make good memories for those kids?”

“....”

“And those can become good memories for you too.”

Hugo was taken aback. He had not expected Jang Maldong to say such words.

Jang Maldong grinned.

“Give it a thought.”

He then turned around and walked away from the orphanage.

Hugo chased after him and asked.

“Hold on. I still don’t understand why you asked to see me here. Was it just to say that…?”

“...You know.”

Jang Maldong spoke while trudging down the street.

“You’re like a chameleon.”

“Chameleon?”

“When we met for the first time, you saw your comrades be obliterated right in front of your eyes, yet you didn’t try to resist or talk back. At the time, I thought you were either a quick-witted person or very adaptive one.”

“Well….”

“But after being with you until now, I realized something.”

Jang Maldong continued.

“I thought you were a brusque, indecipherable person at first, but I found you cackling and guffawing without a care.”

Jang Maldong smiled.

“That’s why I said you’re like a chameleon.”

Hugo still looked confused.

“I’m not saying that you don’t have your idiosyncrasies. But, you’re quick to get swept by your surroundings. A go-with-the-flow type of person, if you will. It isn’t that you’re quick-witted or adaptive. Your actions are very instinctual, almost like a habit.”

Jang Maldong continued.

“And this habit of yours… there is plenty of room for it to affect you adversely.”

“What do you mean?”

“Think about the worst-case scenario. Let’s say you die.”

After hearing this, Hugo dropped his jaw, going, “Ah.”

He finally had an idea why Jang Maldong asked to see him separately on Earth.

“I see…. It doesn’t sound like a bad idea, then. Okay, I will give it a try.”

“Good. You will be doing good, charitable work. Not just for those kids, but also yourself.”

Hugo scratched his head. In the end, this whole thing had been for his sake. Was there ever anyone who cared about him so much? Hugo was moved.

“There’s something else I need to tell you.”

That was until he heard what Jang Maldong said next.

“I plan on leaving that world.”

Hugo stopped walking. He stared at Jang Maldong’s back with widened eyes.

“I already told Dylan…. And I’m sure Chohong noticed it too.”

Hugo was at a loss for words. This seemingly came out of nowhere, striking him speechless.

“B-But why so suddenly….”

“I decided long ago.”

Jang Maldong spoke calmly.

“Even after struggling so desperately… it turned out that I helped ruin that world’s future. Laughable, don’t you think?”

Hugo didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know enough about the old man to understand him fully.

“I thought about using your habit to impart my dream onto you, but….”

Jang Maldong glanced back.

“But I can’t possibly force you to shoulder such a heavy burden. Not unless you wanted it yourself.”

“If there’s something I can do—”

“No. It’s not something you can or should be entrusted with.”

Jang Maldong said firmly.

“I’m just… a little tired of it all.”

Jang Maldong turned back and pushed his fedora down.

“You can always take a little break….”

Hugo instinctively felt that Jang Maldong couldn’t be held back. However, he still did not give up.

“Who knows….”

Jang Maldong let out a deep sigh.

“There’s no such thing as never. So who knows? Fate works in mysterious ways, after all.”

Then, he suddenly raised his voice.

“What you couldn’t find after desperately struggling for years and years, you might run into one day through a miracle known as coincidence.”

“....”

“I learned that life lesson the hard way.”

He chuckled.

“If that really happens…. Then I might consider coming back.”

“...Are you really retiring?”

“Yes. But I’ll still come back and visit every now and then.”

Jang Maldong continued walking.

Hugo stared fixedly as the old man slowly grew farther away.

*

Jang Maldong left Paradise. It was an official retirement. Now, only three members remained in Raison D'être.

Dylan, who inherited Jang Maldong’s position, consoled the dejected Hugo.

“A day will come when you will understand.”

“....”

“Don’t think about it too deeply. Just enjoy the moment. Even if it’s just for today, have fun. So with that said, how does Carpe Diem sound?”

Just like that, Team Carpe Diem was born from the remnants of Team Raison D'être.

Even after Jang Maldong left, there wasn’t a huge change. Few could compare to Dylan as a leader, and Hugo had adapted to the new environment before he noticed.

Then one day, after making a fruitless trip to Scheherazade’s auction house, Hugo got on a carriage ride back to Haramark. While he was waiting for all the passengers to gather, a young man hopped on at the last moment.

“By the way, it hasn't been that long since you got here, right?”

“What gave you that idea?”

“There ain't a lot of Earthlings who reply to us politely like you, you see.”

The young man wasn’t particularly noteworthy. He looked like a complete newbie who just graduated from the Neutral Zone.

Hugo’s interest quickly moved to a female Archer with a longbow sitting on the opposite side.

“Giddy-up!”

Along with the sound of the coachman’s loud shout, Hugo’s body tilted slightly. He smacked his lips and only thought about how to strike up a conversation with the Archer.

It was just as Jang Maldong said.

The first meeting that would change Hugo’s fate forever, the relationship between Seol Jihu and Hugo, started by pure coincidence.

Unbeknownst to himself and the young man.





